Temporal Light side stories
Name: teaching lies
Timeframe: after the foxberries side story but still before crystal was born
Starting location: luna
flare is talking to Jem talking about the criminal practices of the lunar knights

flare: While I do not plan for you to ever be a target of a mafia interrogation, but I want you to be protected
Jem: knowing our luck is highly likely.
flare: something I learned that legality and morality are not necessarily the same and those who are determined to a task do not care about weather something is legal especially if they are backed into a corner
Jem: I think it is
Flare: as an example, just because it is legal for us to raise the tax rate by 30000% doesn't mean it is morally right for us to do so. The same could be said about self-defense. while it is technically illegal to strike someone but when there is a threat of death things might change.
Jem: oh, that makes a little sense.
flare: but legality is generally the same as morality but there are differences.
Jem: is there a point to this
flare: most criminals generally follow the law however when in an encounter especially with the mafia be prepared for them to break it.
Jem: how would I stop them.
flare: there are two ways one is by force the other is to break their morals and point out their flaws. you could also do both. as they are not necessarily the same.
Jem: how would using mind magic fit into this
flare: it would make it easier to break their morals or potentially make slight changes to make what they are doing to be morally wrong to them. Just you must be careful to not make yourself noticeable that you are doing it.
Jem: why?
flare: for one they are not likely able to let you do it again. and the primary reason is if they know you are making changes to their behavior, they will start questioning your presence rather than actually think they are the ones in issue.
Jem: when you said that generally criminals follow the law isn't that a paradox
flare: most do not want to attract unnecessary attention as if they do there is a high likely they will have to face the law. Now let’s play a few card games pay attention to everything that you can without using mind magic.
Jem: why?
flare: I am giving you a lesson in tells basically it is a tool to tell if someone is lying or bluffing. While in this set of games the most you lose is maybe your dignity but in the future, it could be a lot worse if you can't tell if someone is lying.
Jem: makes sense. but how would I know.
flare: I guess I will give the textbook definition. A tell is an expression, gesture, accent, or phrase used while lying or unsure about their decision. some of the biggest criminals in the star system have the hardest tells to distinguish. note this is a tool to tell if someone is lying and is not a concrete science.

Jem and flare play a few games of poker.

Flare: have you noticed anything while playing
Jem: You weren’t easy but I did notice when you had a good hand you smiled slightly and when you had a bad one you frowned slightly. When you lied or bluffed you scratched the back of your head. When you liked it was more obvious than the other two.
flare: very good did you notice any of your tells. Not all are ones you intentionally make. When I was lying this time around, I intentionally exaggerated my behavior to make it easier to tell.
Jem: I don't know my tells I didn't think to pay attention to my decisions. Why would I need to know my tells?
flare: while it is difficult you could intentionally lead someone into a lie if they find your tell. but you smile full faced when you get good cards. and you lower your ears slightly when you get bad cards. and you grab your hair when you bluff. Now let’s try again knowing the tells. I will keep to the tells try to lead me on.

Jem and flare do a few more rounds of poker and Jem started to win more often

flare: well now did you notice anything when you played this time around
Jem: I won 7/10 times. 
flare: it is a lot easier to make decisions when you know when someone is lying. and thus, made unfavorable odds into very favorable ones as well as you definitely led me on this time you stroke your tail when you lied. now I will call bright into this game he is not going to go easy.

bright, flare, and Jem played a few rounds of poker Jem won every time

bright: man, I didn't think she had such a poker face...wait flare did you teach her how to lie.
flare: guilty. I thought I would teach her to protect her from potential harm.
Jem: I thought that mob bosses just tortured people for money or secrets. I would like to know how to torture someone.
bright: I guess that is my queue to leave.
flare: most try to avoid torture if it can be helped. but if you want to know pretend, they are your sister.
Jem: I see. if you want, I could play a few more times
