Temporal Light side stories
Name: Cedric's journal part 5
Timeframe: multiple
Corruption: Heavy. collected into evidence
here is a transcribed version of the audio files
job taken over by solar council member burnhopper(male flame bunny). officer talon and officer claw where murdered by a rougue slime. officer claw was killed on the phone in officer talon's office. and officer talon as well as a dozen officers where killed by a rouge slime in the evidence chamber. thankfully a unknown female phoenix killed the slime. I could of skipped a few entries and I skipped over many of the solar council meetings as there are backups on file. I will be writing notes in parenthesis.

may 12th,6497 mind control shenanigans.mp3
	today a mind mage of the wolfsbane family managed to use mind control on me. I don't know how I feel about it. this member is the youngest brier wolfsbane...I have a bad fealing about this.

september 4th,6497 the princess of Eather disappears.mp3
	yesterday princess jem wolfsbane disappeared after school. I have a hunch that it is related to the mind control from earlier. I could just be overthinking things.

october 8th,6497 the princess returned.mp3 (notes profanity was detected putting in a noise scrambler over the swear words)
	yesterday princess jem returned home. apparently flare's assistant kidnapped her against flare's wishes...I think this is bull$#!*. I think he did that to p!$% me off. I will go to Lightbringer palace on Earth as this is most likely his next move.

November 9th,6497 A hyperion proposal.mp4 (this audio file is obviously edited tampering might be present)
	yesterday flare proposed a marriage with jem. I have to stop this...no I promised peryil not to interfere.(edit cedric's eyes also changed color to purple and desaturates back to silver) I Have to kill jem. I have to make blair the next in line for the throne!

November 10th,6497 D^#$ you Lightbringer.mp3 (wow not even the name is immume to swearing)
	Today My attempt to legally kill jem has been foiled by That A$#%$&* Lightbringer. I must take the throne any means necessary(I think the mind mage slipped up here) my sister must die before she takes the throne(funny cedric never had a sister. I think that brier might be a part of this. this is still circumstantial though)

(there is a major time skip could there been deleted entries)

june 4th,6502 Jem is injured.mp4 (I think the mind mage was mind controlling him during this and cedric might of been resisting)
	yesterday my sister was hospitalized and I didn't have to do anything. Brier STOP CONTROLLING ME!(his speech starts to slur I put what it sounds like) no you I have plans for you. you are going to the peace summit and crash it.(could that of been the one that blight exploded 1/3 of wolf city)

August 10th,6502 WHAT HAVE I DONE.mp3 (someone tried to delete this as it was in the trash on the evidence chamber)
	WHY? WHAT HAVE I DONE TO YOU BRIER? WHY DID YOU FORCE ME TO KILL JEM AND MY WIFE?WHY DID YOU FORCE ME TO INVADE A CHILD'S MIND? I WILL MAKE SURE YOU PAY FOR THIS YOU HEAR ME BRIER!
(a mind control potentially it was weirdly worded) No I will do genocide against a random water dragon family as my pennents for disobeying me.

May 13th,6518 I have to come clean.mp3 (ten 4 I will write up brier for her crimes and take away the crown until this is settled. I have enough evidence to prove she was involved)
	I have to come clean. Every time I try to come clean with the evidence brier takes over my mind to stop me. but this time I have created a blocking material and I will publish all these files tomorrow. I am going to give half my money to those I negitively impacted. I know I can't undo the damage I caused. I give my ownership of Lands on earth which is 2/3 of the planet to blight deathripper. I will give my ownership of the serenity islands to any surviving members of the wingglider family. everything else including the title of solar council member goes to my daughter.
(while I can't give the title of solar council directly on the next meeting I will put it up for a vote and state that is his wish. the rest I can take care of without problem. since this has evidence of prior crimes I will also re-open up the cases.)
