Temporal Light side stories
Name:Pearlite's investigation
Timeframe:a few minutes after Taming of Garnet
Starting location: in the access hallway to pearlite and garnet's bedroom

Garnet: I do have a question why did you stick up for flare? you could of picked a more demanding task. he was charged with killing your younger sister after all.

Pearlite: one I wanted to give jem's decision a chance. and two I did a deap reading of his mind and I could not find the incident.

Garnet: maybe you did not look hard enough. maybe he knew you would look there.

Pearlite: I find that unlikely to give you a idea on how deep I was searching I was even looking at his first memories things you normally can't remember under normal circumstances. but this did give me a lead to look for. while I don't doubt he is a criminal as he did kill others I don't think he did this one. and this is the root of all his crimes

Garnet: You don't mean he is innocent ... right?

pearlite: that is exactly what I mean. I got to look at the solar council's files maybe there is something that was overlooked.

Garnet: allright we will do that tomorrow but first sleep

pearlite faked going to sleep and waited for garnet to be in deep sleep.

pearlite(softly): you might trust the solar council but If what I was told is true they won't give it unredacted

pearlite snook out to her lab

pearlite: some of the weapon designs flare had will aide me in this heist

pearlite made a grapling hook,infrared light visualizer, RFID cracker device.

meanwhile

garnet woke up

Garnet(sluring speech):pearlite where did you go you beautiful sly fox.

no response. Garnet looked around no one was there. garnet then walked over to pearlite's lab.

pearlite was making knockout gas when garnet entered.

pearlite(softly): you are sleepwalking go back to sleep

garnet:ok

after garnet left the room

pearlite:phew that was close.well I think I have everything I need.

pearlite snook into her own personal starship.

Pearlite: disable autopilot, disable solar tracking, disable planetary tracking, enable cloaking device, start heating engines.

soon after pearlite took off to the other side of the planet

after arriving she jumped onto the glass roof. she then used a laser cutter to cut the glass in such a way that it can be resealed with no evidence. she then connected the graple hook to her ship which was set to hover mode. she put on the infrared visualiser on her head and dove down using her plant magic to control her decent but also dodge the detection lasers.

pearlite(Internal): that was surprisingly easy. now to find the file. thankfully if I don't move fast the camera's won't activate.

after slowly moving to the digital file cabinet she stuck a memory stick into the slot and downloaded every file pertaining to the case and any of its suspects and case workers

and just as easily as she came in she came out. and resealed the glass dome.

she then snuck back into the bedroom. stripping nude and stripping garnet. she then changed his short term memory to a different ending to that night. both of them visited the council the next day to be given basically a stack of black sheets of paper with only 3 words visible case name:Bonemeal.

she then gave a copy of the unredacted version to Ember the next day with a promise not to tell where she got it. and garnet was never told at least not until crystal was born. as you can expect he was livid.