Temporal Light side stories
Name: Memories of Death
Timeframe: 1 year before shadow flame
Starting location: displaced mercury-blight basically controls the whole planet's gravity and moved it 
fog is updating blight about the conditions on Eather. pyre is also in attendance

Blight: open shadow flame log 1451

Blight: what is the status of Eather since the last time I was there (back during the flashback)

fog: after you were banished Cedric placed brier in power even though when looking at the footage, he might of been resisting or showing guilt of some sort.

pyre: well yeah, he murdered his wife the day before

Blight: continue

fog: for 2 years there where peace then brier killed dark then put into law that any male being caught will be split into two groups. the smaller group is only used for breeding and food in emergencies. the other group is tortured and is repeatedly dismembered but never killed and healed back to whole. The problem with repeatedly healing someone this way is that body part gets weaker and weaker until that body part is unhealable. the decision on where the men are sent to is up to brier's upper guard.

blight: what about children that happen to be boys.

fog: most are forcibly changed to female the few that are in rural areas...there is no data, but I assume they are killed under the table. as the solar council law that prohibits killing of children under 5 years old.

pyre: what happened to root wasn't she always with you.

fog: yesterday her transponder stopped giving signals. I hope she is still alive but considering she was the one giving this info she might...

blight: don't need to tell me more. continue with the history lesson. I will organize a extraction party if she does not turn on her transponder by tomorrow.

fog: couldn't you mind connect with her

blight: if she is in trouble and in hiding that would be the equivalent of putting a spotlight on her. on Eather that would be instant death for her.

fog: oh. I guess I will continue. 2 years after people that allied with your grandparents went missing regardless of gender. Pearlite managed to make it out alive barely. The disappearances stopped until 2 years ago when the disappearances started again. pearlite and bright went to investigate but they themselves disappeared.

blight: what of my grandfather

fog: his death was very gruesome. His mind was ripped apart from the inside before becoming a pincushion of swords and thorns.

blight flinched from disgust.

blight: continue

fog: between then and two years ago it is unknown I assume the disappearance never stopped but attracted too much attention from other solar council members.

blight: ok... there is a news broadcast from Eather.

the image is brier with 5 humans and monsters tied up and gagged.

fog: oh no they have root.

Brier: these 5 traitors have been found guilty of treason and as per the laws of this land the punishment is death do any of you have any final words.

the guards from off screen take off the gags and root bites one after her gag was removed the guard flinched from the pain but backed out of sight.

root: you are making a mistake killing me might be your downfall.

The others have similar dialogues

brier: well time for execution.

the guards then start beheading people. blight turns off the screen before they reach root.

blight: I'm sorry...I wish I could stop this.

fog: THEN LET ME AVENGE ROOT!

blight: no not now.

fog: WHY SO OTHERS WILL BE KILLED. YOU ONLY THINK OF YOURSELF

blight: if you enter eather full of anger brier will quickly take control of you and paralyze you until you are captured.

fog(calms down a little): oh I see.

fog then starts to cry and slumps down in sorrow.

blight: take as much time as you need, I liked her ... a lot as well. log end.
