Temporal Light side stories
Name: Christmas frenzy
Timeframe: Christmas eve after thankful surprise side story
Starting location: luna
prior to the story: flare chopped down a 20 ft. tree and brought it into the palace. jem is out of breath from repeated transformations over the last few weeks. (as well as helping flare move the tree)
jem: ...why did you bring in the tree. I don't have...huff...the same magic...huff as my sister or my mom.
flare: you are kidding me tomorrow is Christmas eve. putting up the Christmas tree. secondly, I told you not to help me
jem: my father banned it since I was 5.
flare: seriously, I understand but disagree why Halloween is banned but why Christmas? do I even want to know?
jem: it is because...huff...Santa enslaves reindeer.
flare: no, he pays them very well. outside of Christmas he gives them every opportunity to leave.
jem: then why did he...huff
flare: I honestly don't know that is only a small part. It is a holiday of giving not all Santa.
jem: did you get...huff...the pregnancy expert.
flare: I will contact Berry see if he has got into contact with them.
flashback immediately after the thankful surprise side story in the Eatherian palace throne room both thrones are empty. jem and flare are in the same room. jem then reverts to normal
jem: mom is not here. I will open the secret passage to their room.
jem presses the side of the king's throne and then press the side of the queen's throne. the wall immediately to the right of the king's throne lowers revealing a passage
jem and flare enter the passage and enter her parent's room. pearlite and garnet are inside
pearlite: what is the occasion.
garnet: flare didn't poison you did he
pearlite made a scornful look at garnet then looked in jem's direction
jem: I have an announcement...I am pregnant
garnet: that is even worse
pearlite then slapped him
pearlite: that is great news how long have you known.
jem: earlier today. I do have questions about how long do these semi transformations last.
pearlite: at most an hour or two. but they will become more common near the end of the second trimester. flare I recommend keeping jem away from sweets and from overexerting herself. I will be sending both your bodyguards to help with the upcoming children. I am also going to send an expert on these matters.
flare: isn't berry experienced enough?
garnet: he sucks at being a doctor
pearlite: garnet you have gone too far. I thought you would want extra help as probably even Berry will say that a expert might help as I looked at his records he is trained on general medical as well as expert surgery but I don't see anything on pregnancy training.
flare: what do you mean
jem: that is a separate license and while he can help and I kind of agree with mom on this is there anything else to know.
garnet: mind the cravings and try to tame them as much as possible as your digestive system temporarily will be shared with another.

present day
Soon after flare called berry. jem rapidly starting to change back and forth between forms. Then she passes out in her night form. flare was able to catch her. He carried her to her bedroom.
Then a doorbell rings.
flare: must be bright.
flare then looks at the camera to see berry and a female dwarf water dragon
flare: great I probably am in trouble
flare walked down to the front door and opened the door
flare: who is this?
berry: this is fog arcanebluff the expert pearlite hired
fog: it is nice to meet you I am going to assume you aren't the person I am to look at
flare: you are right I will show you where. right before you came jem rapidly transformed and passed out I brought her to her room
fog: which way. This could be a severe issue.
berry follow me then
both fog and berry run at breakneck speeds in the direction of jem's room.
by the time flare catches up the two are immediately outside her room
flare: what is the matter?
fog: nothing just she overexerted herself. while I don't know her well but if you care for her you should try to avoid having her overexert herself. Luckily, she just fainted but if she continues to overexert herself that could lead to a heart attack.
flare: those transformations use a lot of her energy is there anything I can do about it.
fog: I will write a prescription, that berry can get for you. have you heard of foxberries they tend to lock her in a form for its duration
flare: I am familiar I actually can get them right away give me a few minutes. 
flare walks to jem's garden she has behind the palace.
flare: 20 should do the trick.
flare walks back.
fog: you do realize that is a controlled substance where did you get that
flare: pearlite research that. We started a garden for that after an incident in which her father kind of ruined our honeymoon by stealing some and passing them off as dewberries.
fog: oh, do you have a license to handle them?
flare: yes, pearlite trained me and my wife how to grow and handle them. and gave us a license. I didn't know it helped with this.
fog: any magic material other than succubus oil or succubus milk will work. why not those two it has a high likelihood of killing the child if used
flare: she should be awake by now
all walk in flare first berry last. as soon as they enter jem wakes up.
jem: ...yawn... what happened.
flare: you overexerted yourself and passed out. this is the expert pearlite hired, fog
fog: pleasure to meet you
flare: fog told me to give you some fox berries
fog: I want you to take at least 3 per day.
jem: how is the baby.
fog: while you were unconscious I checked it out.
jem: I want it to be a surprise on the gender.
fog: I understand. They are healthy and are on track based on when berry said you found out. we will leave you for now so you can rest up
everyone but jem leaves the room and out of hearing range of jem
fog: do you want to know about your children
flare: yes, wait children?
fog: you have twins, one boy and one girl. but the boy is the only one I am worried about as they are underdeveloped for their age.
flare: oh...what should I do.
fog: for now, nothing but keep jem healthy.
flare: berry can you help me decorate the tree and wrap gifts.
berry: ok. fog do you want to help
fog: sure
Flare, berry, and fog decorate the tree with numerous ornaments. then wrap gifts in colorful paper and put them under the tree
the next day a few more gifts appeared under the tree, jem put a few under. while the others were busy jem was researching the holiday. But there was one extra present.
jem was the first to arrive then everyone who made the tree then bright
flare:jem why don't you go first take a present addressed to you from under the tree
jem: ok. While everyone was sleeping, I got a few presents and put them under...
jem picks up a gift
jem:to me from flare
jem unwraps the gift. it was a new video game called human mages 6
jem: thank you
jem unwraps several gifts. Berry gave a box of premium gardening tools. bright gave a gun and fog gave a few foxberries. there is one more gift
jem: to me from Santa?
jem unwraps the gift it is a box with a tax form showing the expenditures but also a new computer. and a book titled the secret to light speed travel, and a note
jem: ...flare did you do this.
flare: no...it was Santa.
jem: well, I like the computer and something I can read.
the rest unwrapped their gifts with little difficulty
at the end of the day jem read the note in her room
dear jem,
What your husband said yesterday is the truth. While I don't pay in money I pay with shelter, food, and whatever entertainment necessary in exchange for a job done once a year. I hope this book I personally wrote will help with your endeavors. I have a feeling you won't ever abuse it, only you can read it. As if anyone where to open the book it will be blank and erases any marks you don't make. be a good girl and maybe next year I will give more. maybe even meet in person.
jem: wow...I owe flare an apology I have been treating him badly when he was asking, I don't help. He only was trying to keep me safe.
jem then rejoined everyone in the throne room a large table was constructed and multiple dishes placed on it.
jem sat on the seat next to flare.
jem: sorry flare for treating you badly. I didn't know you were not inviting me to do work for my wellbeing. Is this part of the holiday?
flare: yes, it is, but I should have thought of your feelings, and I forgive you. well let’s start the feast. Everyone else here brought something.
jem: can you give me a few minutes I feel I should add something.
flare: ok but please take it easy, fog is giving me enough durty looks from earlier.
jem: all right I promise.
jem walked over to her garden and picked some dewberries next to the fox berries placed the berries on a dish on the table
flare: jem I would like you to have the first slice of ham and first pick over what else to eat
jem picked a few things out then flare, then everyone else. The rest of the night went well...well everyone got a pair of fox ears for the weekend and through the next week. (some of the foxberries cross pollinated with the dewberries giving a diluted variant)
