Temporal Light side stories 
(this has depictions of a severe injury)
(this is rated for teen audiences or older)
Name: flare's vow
Timeframe: before and while Jem was unconscious during chapter 3
Starting location: luna
crystal ran away and started to hide in the lower maintenance area of the main hanger. jem is coming down the stairs. and she detected crystal's presence
Jem: Crystal get back on the ship your father is worried about you
crystal: I don't wan to. I want to show the magic daddy tauht me.
Jem: please don't - (she was cut off with a fireball being launched at her at pointblank range)

Jem managed to put a magical barrier around her and crystal 
the fireball collides with the barrier and was able to take the explosion. however, this created a shockwave that shattered the barrier and launched Jem into the back wall.
Jem is temporarily blinded and cannot move her body

crystal: mommy r yu alright?...I don kno what todo. mybe daddy knows

crystal then runs up the stairs trips but manages to catch herself
crystal then runs into flare and bright who heard the explosion. 

Flare: crys where is mommy?
as he is coming down the steps, he sees Jem. with severe cuts and bleeding profusely.
Flare: no... I got to stop the bleeding. Bright bring over berry this is an emergency

Jem is fully unconscious at this point
bright runs up and brings down berry a forest fairy and the royal medic

flare: is she going to be alright you can heal her.
crystal: the crytal shrds are stuck in her I am gong to pul thm out
bright: I know you want to but if you do that will accelerate her pain. 
berry rips the railing from the staircase. and puts it beside Jem
berry: flare where do you have a suitcase specifically with fabric.
flare: Yes, I will get it.
berry: bright put your hand here and put as much pressure to slow the bleeding.

flare manages to find his suitcase of clothes and rushes down
berry then takes a few outfits and ties them together to use as bandages
and also uses a few to make a makeshift stretcher.

berry: I know you won't like this, but I don't think the hospital here is equipped for this. I am going to have to go to the one on earth.
flare: do it
bright: you should remember you are banished
flare: I don't care about that right now she is more important than some council member's piece of paper. I am sorry Jem, I failed you. I should have listened to you.

flare, bright, and berry manage to get Jem in the intrepid flyer.

flare: crystal stay here and- (berry cuts flare off)
berry: let me take care of this. crystal stay here I will call for rose who will watch over you until we get back.
bright: why did you cut him off like that.
berry: I read his mind. and he was going to just leave her.

(flashback to on jem's and flare's wedding)

flare: I vow to protect you from harm be it the mafia, the solar council, or even family.
Jem: I vow to protect you from magical harm. I also want to shield you from the solar council. I know how much they hurt you.

(back to present on the way to earth)

flare: I failed you Jem
berry: It isn't your fault. You had no way of knowing crystal had that much power.
flare: I... I should have listened to you Jem. please live I don't know what to do without you

After reaching Earth she was rushed to the hospital. jem's parents were called. flare waited in the waiting room the whole time.
2 goat doctors one male and the other female left the room

flare: is she going to be alright
Doctor F: we managed to stabilize her for now, but her stomach was completely punctured and ripped apart. We don't know how long she has.
doctor M: do you have any children you may want to-(he was cut off)
rose: I brought crystal here since you left in a hury
crystal: Is momy goin to be ok. I am sry for huting her
doctor M: (under his breath) there could be a possibility but I shouldn't that could make her condition worse
Doctor F: Little child, do you want to help. If you were able to cause this, you might be able to heal her.
crystal: ok... I wil try

crystal and the two doctors enter the emergency room
soon after a light so bright it filled every darkness in the area
the doctors and crystal leave the room.

Doctor M: what the f#$@ just happened one second the wound was severe the next she was completely healed.
Doctor F: Your child is extraordinarily strong.

the door from the front desk is blown inward coming close to hitting flare
garnet and pearlite appear and garnet grabs flare by the neck and starts to choke him.

garnet: you hurt my daughter. you should die.
pearlite: that is enough garnet. He already feels bad as it is.
garnet: well, he should be I will not st (crystal interrupts)
crystal: it...it is my faut. I tryed magik whn I know I shdn't have.

garnet then drops flare.
pearlite and garnet where told exactly what happened

garnet: oh, I am sorry I thought you did the injury
pearlite: garnet you could have just asked, and flare isn't as bad as you made him out to be.
