Temporal Light side stories
Name: crystal's cookie
Timeframe: while Jem was unconscious but 2 days after flare's vow
Starting location: a factory on Venus
flare is talking to a duke about buying a shipbuilding factory. crystal is put in the child daycare. (this is almost entirely from crystal's perspective)

daycare robot: you are a good girl have a cookie

crystal tries to take it but another robot rips of the daycare robot's hand thinking it is a hard drive disk
crystal starts to chase it

crystal: MY cooki. my cooki u tok my cooki

she then climbs into an air duct after the robot did

daycare robot: duke firehead is going to kill me

meanwhile in the air duct

rogue robot: I am late I need to get this hard drive disk into its frame immediately

the air duct drops down onto a conveyor belt that has a ton of hammers

a large hammer barely missed the robot
rogue robot: maybe for managing this I will get a raise
crystal: GIV ME BAK MY COKIE
rogue robot: there shouldn't be any data yet on this drive.

crystal then throws a fireball that barely missed the robot
after dodging hammers and fireballs the robot makes it to the hard drive assembly line

rogue robot: all I have to do is place it on the drive

the robot tries to put it on but there is no hole for the drive

rogue robot: I guess I can drill a hole in the center (then does so)

crystal then throws a fireball that misses the robot and destroys an expensive machine

rogue robot: d^%#$% I guess I will go to the rocket propulsion lab but first

The rogue robot starts firing rubber bullets. they miss then the robot starts on another set of conveyor belts with a series of flame throwers.
the robot jumps over a few while crystal shoots fireballs on each of the flamethrower emitters
The robot then reaches the rocket propulsion lab's central computer.

rogue robot: this still doesn't fit I will trim it down to size

the robot starts cutting the cookie to fit.

crystal: nooo my coki

crystal then throws the fireball, and it hits the mainframe computer creating explosions throughout the factory

rogue robot: man, you are persistent maybe this will knock you out

The robot starts a smoke screen and crystal is confused for a moment but sees through the robot's ploy.
The robot starts to run for the master mainframe controller. the hazard this time is spikes in addition to the prior hazards 

the robot reaches the central mainframe while the path has crystal busy
the mainframe's screen says: that is not a hard drive
rogue robot: yes, it is I will prove it
the mainframe's screen says: maybe you should return the c--

the computer is cut off by the robot slamming the cookie into the hard drive disk slot shattering the cookie

the mainframe's screen says: you are an idiot we are all going to die

crystal: u brok my coki u a#$%$%

crystal then creates a fireball that destroys half the building

meanwhile from flare's perspective (developer notes: nule is the currency of the solar system in that universe for equivalency purposes 1 nule = 1 us penny at the highest point on May 13 ,2018)
duke: so, you want me to build a factory like this on luna
flare: yes, I want this to be a gift for my wife who is recovering from an injury.
duke: where do you want to place a factory
flare: I was thinking the north pole of Luna
duke: I think that would be fine as a low-ball estimate 1 trillion nule
flare: sounds fine

some explosions are heard

duke: sounds like C14y is late for work again and is causing issues i will pay for it
flare: no, I should and triple if my daughter is involved to keep it out of the news

the explosions intensify both flare and the duke have a nervous expression

flare: just for curiosity’s sake what is the cost of this place
duke: for this fully autonomous factory here I think it would be 2 trillion nule

a large explosion then an awkward silence

flare: maybe we should check on it
duke: yes

flare and the duke make their way toward the assembly line and see a large crater and crystal in the center. as soon as flare sees crystal, he turns pale

duke: how...did...this...happen. did she do that
flare: ........It is believable is that remnants of a robot
duke: c14y I knew it. I should have recycled that robot as clearly the CPU of that robot isn't all there...I will get the estimates and I will send the details by email. I am sorry but I don't want to be near her. judging from your reaction that is your daughter correct
flare: (with an ashamed face and tone) yes

flare ended up paying nearly 7 trillion nule the next day. and crystal was given a cookie on the condition that she does not destroy another factory. (6.777777 trillion to be exact). The daycare robot was not penalized as it put a incident report immediately after c14y and crystal left and got it’s hand replaced.


