Temporal Light side stories
Name: mischievous familiar
Timeframe: after the events of chapter 3
Starting location: distortion mountain
Blair and Sune are teaching Jem how to summon familiars

Blair: In order to use magic to make and even control familiars you need to think like the animal you are closest to.
Jem: ok I will try

An orb of light started and left jem's hand and started to take the shape of a fox.
then it split in half

Sune: you were close don't be afraid of letting go of your insecurities
Blair: Try again
Jem: I don't know why I need to know this. I already need to make a ship able to go faster than light speed.
Blair: it is tradition that you learn how to make one when you turn 10 you are well over 10 years too late so. You are one of my descendants after all. I need to make sure you continue the Highclaw traditions.
Jem: Highclaw traditions?
Blair: it was my family's last name.
Sune: she used to be a shrine maiden when I met her, she had at least 5 in her command at one time. all foxes but each had their own personality. Well anyway try again.

An orb of light started and left jem's hand and started to take the shape of a fox. the fur turned black and has blue eyes. it also is distinctly male.
It then started to attack Blair and destroying her outfit. and ... trying to eat her chest

Blair: Get off you filthy thing. wait how is this possible
Sune: (chuckle) she is exactly like you Sune. the reason why the familiar can affect both the living and the dead.
Blair: am not I didn't have my familiar do that
Sune: (laughingly) actually according to your mother you had it also wear a tutu and do the attacks to the rhythm of the nearby cell phone.
Blair: she told you about that. well, Jem you created the familiar now you must name it to keep it around, and please get control of it my spirit outfit doesn't seem to last much longer. once you get control of it you can also change its color and appearance
Jem: ok, ok, I will try.

after a few seconds it stops attacking Blair and became female in appearance.

Sune: what did you name it
Jem: blight.
Sune: (chuckle)
Blair: that isn't funny
Sune: (laughingly) that was the same name you gave.
Sune: well, if you want to de-summon it invoke the name and say return. and to summon it beckon it to come like any pet. Also, it will come to you regardless of how far you are. if you could build a shrine near where you live it will also go there. also, all your familiars are tied to your life force so if you die.
Blair: all will die
Sune: Do you have some paper I will give you the dimensions and the instructions to setup the shrine.
Jem: here

Jem then hands over a sheet of paper. suddenly ink materializes on the page and floats back to her hand

Sune: that should do the trick
Blair: I recommend putting it somewhere with a lot of wilderness or somewhere the familiars can be comfortable.
Jem: Well, I will get going
Sune: I almost forgot if a familiar would die and not from age your total lifespan is shrunk by a year... and if they were to have children, they are not necessarily tied to you and non-magical beings can command it. Until it is befriended however it will act as a wild animal like Blair just seen.
