Temporal Light side stories
Name: Pearlite's realization
Timeframe: immediately after light of pain
Starting location: Eather

recap from Light of pain.
pearlite's transformation finally wore off from the last side story. she was inside garnet's and pearlite's room. This left pearlite naked. she quickly put on one of her dresses just in case anyone came in.

pearlite (angerly): d$%^ you jem. if it wasn't that you were pregnant or my daughter you probably would of been banished

garnet overhearing the outburst walks in the room and says. garnet: you weren't much different than jem.

pearlite: am not I never put my mom in baby clothes.

garnet: true but tricking your mother to transform twice removing clothes and live streaming it. is just as embarrassing if not more.
(note: their marriage was partially caused by pearlite being pregnant with jem. but was already pre-arranged and was before garnet's father did a massacre of the foxend famly which was pearlite's family. pearlite and bonemeal where the only survivors. and bonemeal well that is a story for another day)

pearlite(struggling to put her words together): ...I ... she...no jem did...

garnet: I understand your anger, but the hormones pregnancy has exclusively does make one's personality more extreme and removes their normal inhibitions. at least jem or flare did not livestream the event.

pearlite(realizing what she did to her mom): ...oh yes, I wish I can apologize to mom.

recap over
garnet: lets go to her grave

as soon as both garnet and pearlite got on pearlite's ship. pearlite looks almost like she is about to cry. cay tags along and pilots the ship

pearlite: am I evil? I have to know.

garnet: no, but like me we have done evil acts. while the acts are important its how we make up that can be more important. what brought all this up.

pearlite: I have been thinking on how I treated jem. I...I feel horrible. and how we spoiled our other daughter she is borderline a criminal. I think deep down jem hates me.

garnet: ... ... while she does have some animosity toward us I don't think she hates either of us. because if she did she had every opertunity to ruin us. she could of gone to the press anytime after their marriage.

pearlite's mood seems to lift a little. tears mat the short fur near her eyes.

pearlite: we should apologize.

cay: while that would be nice but if psychological torture was used a simple I'm sorry likely won't cut it. and I would advise against long term memory alterations.

pearlite: why can't I it would make her feel better.

cay: we are made by our memories. this is why many don't use thet magic even on themselves. if you make a mistake it could severely alter their personality or cause permanant loss of all memories. while I can't stop you. you shouldn't mess with other's minds. also how would you know she will feel better?

pearlite: . . . I don't but what do you expect me to do.

cay: I suggest you apologize. you should also give your reasoning behind your decisions.

pearlite: are you certain she will accept it

cay: with how long you treated her there is none. but you should let her decide. not to mentsion flare might kill you if you damage her memory. while I am formidable I am not sure I can protect you from him. also I watched over her for years as a night bodyguard. you don't think I wouldn't know whom I am protecting. jem was never alone until she was kidnapped and even then flare wouldn't allow her to get killed. while I do know some things can you tell me all the things you think she would hold against you.

pearlite: ...there are two big events that was repeated over the years. one I used to drag her by the tail if she did not want to go with me. and when she was in elementary and middle school I would repeatedly shave the top hair on her head and dress her in boy clothes. I...did not originally want a daughter I wanted a son. that is why we retried with brier. I wanted to try more but garnet told me no more. the last year I did that was the year before I hired you.

cay: that...explains a lot. my advice still stands but you might want to re-word this so it does not seem as bad.

garnet: will do. I will talk to her about this.

cay: we arrived.

the tomb pearlite's parents look like an old Japanese kitsune shrine. There is a large kitsune statue on the outside of the shrine of her parents.
inside the shrine is an altar with the inscription
in loving memory of flower and diamond foxend

pearlite summons a plant vine with numerous varieties of flowers. Then picks 2 blue roses and places them on the alter.

pearlite: mom I am sorry for all the pain I caused you. well, I guess I should tell you your eldest grand-daughter is pregnant with a child. which caused me to realize what pain I caused you. I never thought about it until now and I feel like I was a horrible mother.

jem's voice(she is not physically present): about time you realized...I have been waiting for this moment for years. but I forgive you.

pearlite: but you don't know why I did what I did.

jem: I probably could figure it out I am having a child after all, and I probably could figure it out. and if I can't I can just ask you. What hurt me the most wasn't physical it was you not realizing what you did was wrong.

pearlite: but still I am sorry.

garnet(looking around before speaking): where are you jem?

jem: on luna but the microphone I installed since the first time you had me visit grandma

pearlite: wait that was more than 5 years ago. You had me going for a minute at first you sounded like your grandma when she was around my age.

jem: was that a complement or a insult?

pearlite: complement but you did spook me into thinking that my mom was rising from the grave.

pearlite and garnet make it back to Eather's palace with pearlite in slightly better spirits.
