Temporal Light side stories
Name: the flames of tomorrow
Timeframe: a week after Red Hot Fire
Starting location: Earth, Charleston hospital
jem,bright,flare,and leech are in the same room. crystal is sleeping in front of jem

jem: Bright why are you always so zany

bright: I do it as a coping mechanism. as flare's right hand man, I have to get the dirtiest jobs. I do non-damaging pranks and jokes to distract myself. would you rather me be a moody person in the back corner with enough edge you can cut someone with?

jem: oh

leech: I heard from allium that your ship was finally lifted out of the crater that was the police headquarters. She told me to ask where you want her to put it for repairs.

jem: If you can bring it to the royal spaceport when you are done but after we are done here I can give the blueprints for it.

leech: you made it yourself?

jem: it is a retrofit of a old ship. I believe it was an eatherian dreadnaught cruiser mark 2. I can tell it was in the eatherian war and a good chunk of the insides where destroyed or damaged. there were no monster remains but considering where a impact hole was likely caused the pilot's death

leech: a mark 2...that is a rare ship even back then if memory serves me correctly only 10 were made and the only ones that had combat was for the royal family of eather back then. I am guessing you did the blueprints so you can upgrade it correct

jem: yes. The engine was completely custom. in fact, I clocked the ship was able to reach half of C. I never used its full speed often because the hull can barely take it. I was planning on doing a major upgrade. upgrading hypersteel to lightsteel.

leech: lightsteel? ... is that even necessary. wouldn't magiwood work better

jem: think about it making a ship out of wood even though it can handle the heat of the exhaust magiwood loses a lot of its heat retention properties in low pressure areas.

leech: so to make sure I understand correctly it looks tacky and just as unstable as hypersteel. I see.

jem: yes. The only reason I hesitated to purify the hypersteel into lightsteel is the purification method is relatively painful and I didn't want to risk the pregnancy.

flare: I just got a message from mom your sister was just sentenced to 3 years in jail for masterminding a attempted assassination. She also has to pay for the repairs to our palace. also, I just looked at her mugshots and it looks like pearlite had a few deep scratches. I could be wrong, but pearlite might of attempted killing your sister at least twice.

jem: is she getting any special treatment?

flare: from what I can tell no. but say the word and I can make sure she dies in her sleep when all the guards are on break

jem: even though I want her dead but letting her die would be a mercy in this instance. I want her to know the meaning of pain.

leech: what title do you want to give your child as you where the Twilight flame.

jem: "the flame of Tomorrow" even those titles are practically useless.

leech: can I join your starship design group.

jem: sure.

leech: thank you.

fog then walked into the room

fog: how are you feeling, jem?

jem: good.

fog: I might relocate to luna to be closer my assistant. also to check in with you. (for flare's vow sidestory she and root was on vacation)

jem: ok, flare can you look after crystal I need to get leech the blueprints for my ship
