Temporal Light side stories Name: Alice's betrayal Timeframe:2002 AD timeline 64 Starting location: slice's house-training field
slice(a human) is training Alice(his daughter) on sword training and slips and falls
slice walks up
slice: you might want to work on that swing
slice then helps Alice back up
Alice: I will learn this even if it means implementing magic to do it.
Alice's mother burna(vampire) comes in
burna: mind if I take over and teach her magic
slice:...fine
slice then walks away to tend to bias who is working on homework.
while slice was helping bias with a hard math problem Alice looses control of a fireball and lights slice's heir on fire
using ice magic burna put the fire out and apologized
burna: sorry Alice lost control of a fireball. I am going to go get Alice's magic power checked now that she can use magic
slice(very irritated): use magic maybe first she should control it.
burna: maybe we should stop training for the day
the rest of the day went without incident. although alice looked like she was repeatedly punished.
after Alice got in her room a person was outside the window
???:I hear your father is a huge A%$hole
Alice: yes he is always critiquing my skills and never seems to complement me.
???:maybe you can join my group the training is always complementary.
some time passes slice enters alice's room as he is entering slice: Alice I am sorry about earlier...
alice was not in the room
slice then runs to burna
slice: burna did you tell Alice to go anywhere
burna: no she should be in her room.
slice: she isn't
a wave of panic came over both of them
slice: I will look on the ground
burna then turns into a bat
burna: and I will check the air
as soon as the duo arrives at the training ground they see Alice Alone
slice: Alice I'm sorry about earlier.
burna landed and took a human form behind alice
burna: your father loves you. I know you have been having a hard time with your training.
Alice: you don't care about you.
burna notices evidence of mind control
burna: slice someone is controlling Alice.
soon after Alice unsheathes her sword and stabs burna then turns it and slices up freeing the sword. she then turns into a bat and flies off before slice can stop her
slice then looks after burna
burna: look after bias...ensure he does not end up like Alice.
before slice can respond burna turns into a pile of dust
slice: I will
