Temporal Light side stories
Name: Valentines Day
Timeframe: Valentines day after A New Year Gun sidestory
Starting location: Eather
jem is visiting her parents while flare is getting jem a gift

jem: mom where you in this much pain when you were pregnant

Pearlite: no, and you might want to tell fog that as soon as possible that might not be a good thing. You were not the problem child your sister on the other hand she liked forcing a transformation while mixing volatile chemicals.

jem: now that you mention it, I never seen what your night form looks like. Why would it cause a problem? And what does pain indicate

pearlite: I don't mean to worry you but it could mean that your child or one of your children if you have twins could be dying. As for the night form I will walk with you tonight without my enchanted attire.

jem: oh, I see is this common

pearlite: I wouldn't say it is common, but it isn't rare either. these things can happen even under the best conditions so don't be too hard on yourself. not to mention I am not a expert on this which is why I recommend bringing this up to fog

Meanwhileflare is looking for flowers with bright

Flare: should I give her these blue roses or these red ones

bright: I think you should get her this white rose

flare: that isn't a rose, that is a tulip

bright: Oh.

The shopkeeper then walks by it is a short Vampiress with a name tag "Allium"

Allium: Do you need any help.

bright: we are looking for a good flower for the princess Jem

Allium: oh well I heard that jem has already been taken by another man...I never did catch their name, but I heard that they were human.

flare: well, I will still give it a shot.

Allium: all right. Before she was married she had bought 1 Aster flower, 2 azaleas, 2 Bell flowers,and 1 camellia

flare: do you have any in stock?

Allium: yes, remember jem is a repeat customer. I believe the reason is she was not as good as her sister on plant magic, so most flowers die in under a month.

flare: I will buy double jem's usual. Can you also sell seeds for these

Allium: I do sell seeds but the only flower I currently are out of for seeds are asters

flare: I will take one of each type of seed you can give from the list

Allium: counting all this up that will be 7500 nule for the flowers and 300 nule for the seeds

Flare pays the money

Allium: I hope you have a nice valentine’s day with your wife.

flare: how did...

Allium: intuition also I looked at the person she married by the daily paper. We’ll have a nice day.

Meanwhile, back at Jem the light outside is starting to get low

Pearlite: as promised I will walk with you around the inner courtyard.

Pearlite then takes her hair clip out from her hair and gives it to garnet.

pearlite: let’s go

Jem: I still haven’t seen flare yet are you sure.

pearlite: I told garnet to keep him busy and to try not to kill him or severely injure

jem: ok

jem and pearlite walk into the darkness as soon as pearlite walks into the darkness she transforms into a brown fox. (jem is behind pearlite)

jem: well, that is interesting, wait is that why garnet said no to keeping the stray fox I found when I was 5

pearlite: I am surprised you remember that but yes that actually was me just the enchantment on my outfit was done incorrectly. had to experiment before giving you one

jem then hears flare coming from the other side of the courtyard and grabs pearlite by the tail

Jem: Did you find anything

Flare is hiding a bouquet of flowers behind his back

flare: yes, would you mind coming closer

pearlite: let me down this instant.

jem(mentally): I will in a bit I will instruct you on what to do
then starts running toward flare

flare: I got you a few flowers and will you be my valentine

jem: yes, I found a stray fox in the courtyard it is said if they circle the couple and fall asleep in between them that their love will be eternal. if it is done in the dark on Valentine’s Day within the first 5 years

pearlite(mentally): where did you hear that. Wait, did you just make that up

jem(mentally): yes, I admit I made it up, but I don't really have much to give flare that he doesn't already know about

pearlite(mentally): fine just this one time

Pearlite does the things that Jem described

flare: you know where I come from shaving them of fur gives a high fertility rate

pearlite(mentally): you better stop him

jem:I heard from my side of the family the opposite is true that covering them in blankets or dressing them in a baby outfit gives high fertility

pearlite(mentally): that is just as bad

jem(mentally): would you rather get shaved all over

pearlite(mentally): fine let’s get this over with just don't tell garnet

bright: Garnet you might want to see this it looks like jem and flare are dressing a stray fox in baby clothes

pearlite(mentally): why do I even bother

flare: can you take care of this fox for a few days to give them a proper home

garnet: allright I still got to ask pearlite but most likely she would have no problem with it I hope the two of you have a nice valentine's day (internally he is laughing)

jem and flare: we will
