Temporal Light side stories
Name: leaving crystal for babysitting
Timeframe: 2 hours before the mischievous familiar sidestory
Starting location: Lightbringer palace on earth
Jem is bringing crystal to visit rain(flare's mother) and thunder(flare's father) to look over her. crystal is asleep in a stroller

rain: Did you use hair dye on crystal. because I don't remember her having pink hair
Jem: No, I had to put a heavy restraint spell on her.
rain: (having an angry tone) WHY DID YOU DO THAT YOU KNOW SHE IS GOING TO BE MADE FUN OF.
Jem: Strangely you remind me of my father, but I needed to restrain her power at least until she can control it.
rain: I AM NOT A MONSTER. (in a calmer tone) why couldn't you just use one that didn't affect her looks
Jem: I already tried all of them. to be more specific my mother did the spells as she studied in that sort of magic. and they all broke almost instantly. she has too much power for those spells
rain: I don't get why you had to restrain her power she only has a magic power of 64.
Jem: Do you realize what you just said having a magic power of 64 means that even basic fire magic is basically nuclear in terms of heat. If you are wondering, I have a magic power level of 16 which means nuclear magic is at my upper limit of magic.
rain: oh. I was only half listening earlier as you monsters are nothing but racists.
Jem: Yet you jump to conclusions before you know all the facts, or you assume based on what they are. I did it for crystal's and flare's wellbeing. Both me and Flare didn't want to go this far but after the injury. I did it because she is only going to get stronger with magic as their first spell is usually less than 5% of their potential.
rain: (slightly depressed) that makes sense
Jem: when I was comparing you to my father. To be more specific I was talking about your behavior not talking about what you are.
rain: oh, I'm sorry. I know it is off topic I always wondered what is it like having a tail.(talking under her breath:I hear this complaint alot when I step on it.and your husband as well as my husband stated I should be more open) is there a spell to artificially add one even temporarily.
Jem: in terms of sensitivity, it is just as sensitive as parts that are normally covered up. in terms of controllability, it is like a arm if not even more controllable. As for spells there isn't one that doesn't just add one; it does a full transformation. You might want to look at foxberries as that is one that flare has used once.
rain: what does fox berries do
Jem: For Kitsune and Shadowcats an energy boost but for any other race it transforms them into a fox with their racial traits transferred onto them. If you want, you might want to talk to my mother. She runs a genetic research facility. I don’t know where exactly, but I know it is nearby where she lives.

Jem gives rain a piece of paper with her parents contact info

Jem: I also gave information about my dad since me and flare are married so it might be a good idea to talk to each other just try not to cause any wars to be started.
rain: it will be hard, but I will try to keep an open mind.
Jem: great can you look after crystal for a few days I need to run some errands on distortion mountain.
rain: talking to ghosts again? I think you and thunder are just lying.
Jem: no, I am not lying. I can share a few of my memories at around that time.
rain: you can do that. than why didn't you do that earlier.
Jem: while mental magic is my race's specialty but to be honest, I hate using it
Jem grabs rain's hand and jem's hand glows yellowish green. and after the memories where transferred.
rain: can you remove or alter memories
Jem: yes and no I can suppress memories and hide it from being focused but I cannot remove it completely. As for altering in a similar way but in both cases the original is buried in your mind, I can't change the original version. Also, humans have been known to be very risky to use mind magic especially if they know that they are using it.
rain: risky how?
Jem: mind magic outside of the initial casting uses the internal magic level instead of the natural magic level. the internal level is always higher for most monsters it is 4 times that of their natural magic level. However, for humans this level is ridiculously high, at minimum is 600. Your son has one of 800. which without knowing how much you actually have you must be between 700 and 900 as between the same race type it is averaged but when we did the math crystal has a different way of calculating it from the math I must have counted as half a person in the calculation. in terms of magic control if someone's magic power is double you can reverse the spell on the caster. in terms of mental magic complete control without the ability to use the victim’s magic. However, if it is more than 4 times it is complete control.
rain: what is my natural magic level.
Jem: can you use magic at all if so, it is greater than 1 else it is less than 1. If you want, you can also talk to my mother about that as well. just be warned both my mother and my sister do have the mental magic ability but my father does not. natural magic level is your ability to use magic or the potency of spell usage. whereas internal magic level is the ability to store magic. for all living things internal magic level is above 0 as it is also used to aid in digestion or allow your nerves to even function. internal magic is always bigger than your natural level.
rain: is there a limit to natural magic levels
Jem: for most monsters it is 10. but the kitsune race is considerably rare which has a theoretical max limit of 16. Humans have very low limits, usually around 2 but most don't even get 1 level. I theorize why crystal's is so much higher is that some of her internal magic power is leaking into the natural but as for why to be honest both me and my mom are stumped as to how exactly that much power was obtained. 
rain: I will look over crystal for a few days. and maybe even look into the fox berry thing.