Temporal Light side stories
Name: thankful suprise
Timeframe: november 23,6498 flare's birthday (roughly 1 month after the Halloween trick or treat sidestory)
Starting location: Eather, jem's house
jem is baking a cake for flare

flare: how is the cake coming
jem: its coming along just 5 more minutes
ember enters the house
ember: thaught I would visit to tell the latest research on old holidays
flare: I don't remember asking that.
ember: I wasn't telling you. I was talking to jem who asked about it.
jem: well what did you find? 
ember: well there is one holiday that actually was yesterday. it is a holiday that was celebrated on the 4th thursday of november in north america on earth. it was called thanksgiving where the family created a feast and said what they are thankful for.
flare: why not do it. jem I know you where going to try it next year anyway.
jem: flare why not you go first.
flare: I guess I will go first. I am thankful for you... if it was not for you my father probibly would not of been able to work on removing the banishment.
jem: well I am thankful for you. you took care of getting my father off my back. I do have a gift for you but you will have to wait a few months for it.
flare: you didn't take out a loan did you.
jem:no guess again.
ember(thinking): ,,,it couldn't be are you pregnant?
jem(telepathically): yes could you give hints flare is probibly too dense to realize it.
ember: how has your period been lately?
jem blushes
flare: are you... are you pregnant?
jem: yes.
the fire alarm starts beeping.
jem: dang I forgot about it.
flare: sit down I will handle it.
ember: let me help.(running into the kitchen eith flare)
flare: wow I did not even think it was possible.I just played along for jem's sake and for the mood.
ember: well from here on I recomend that you talk to pearlite about the usuall transformations.
flare: transformations?
ember: well I do know monsters that can transform into other forms when pregnant they can get in a weird state of being in between.
flare: oh well I know jem has two forms a daytime and a night form. is there any others that I don't know about.
ember: not to my knowledge. but you should still ask to be sure.
flere: fine I will...I don't even know where to start.
ember: maybe the two of you can talk over names. and I will handle food(she looks at the cake and it is completely inedible,,,)It will take awhile,
flare: are you sure.
ember: I am fine. every now and then I take over for the cafeteria chefs if they get sick. go before I force you to eat this cake.
flare: fine..fine I will go
flare(internal thaughts): I am going to be a father...wow...I don't know what to say? either it will be the death of me or a good thing.
jem: by the way that isn't the only gift.
flare: you aren't going to tell me you are harboring twins or a whole litter of kids.
jem: only bunnies are able to do that many and to my knowledge this is only 1 child however it is too early to know for sure.
flare: that is somewhat a relief... I feel somewhat sorry for those that have to name 20 to 30 kids on one instance.
jem: what should be the name be for the boy's first name and the girl's middle name
flare:......I think the boy's name should be grey and the girl's middle should be light
jem: well the girl's first name should be crystal and the boy's middle should be diamond.
flare: do you have any idea of when they are due.
jem:somewhere around mid may to mid july
flare: well from now on no chocolate...I can't risk it. any idea of the gender yet.
jem: if I knew that I would of just asked you for either the first or middle name. I know better than to rig choices against you.
(she then transforms instinctively into her night form. her left side gets stuck)
jem: well this is awkward.
flare: ember just told me this is normal. she never said how long it lasts though.
ember: the cake is ready.
jem: happy birthday flare. ember I am curious do you know how long the transformations lasts.
ember: it usually depends on the normal transformation lasts or its cooldown. you should ask your mom she is more versed in this. before she had opened the transformation research facility she had gotten a medical degree.
jem: of corse she did. well I should give her the good news. if it is like my normal forms it is about a hour
flare: I will tell my parents.
ember: Jem, I am suprised your parents let you have flare in their walls
jem: at first dad was angry it wasn't until mom told him that he never murdered anyone until age 20 and even then it was in self defense.
ember: how did she know.
jem: she used the mental conviction reading spell.(this tells the whole history of the target regardless of how his mental state is. this is a advanced spell and was done on flare and pearlite's first meeting)
ember: oh, that explains a lot...wait then who killed root foxend, 
flare: I think your husband did it but to be honest it is just a hunch as phoenix feathers where found at the crime scene. cedric had the evidence thrown out and stricken from the record.
ember: ...I don't know what to say. whats worse is I can't disprove it as he has done that before. I still hope that it was a different phoenix then...I don't want to put a hamper on your day so I am going to leave and I hope the two of you the best.
jem: well we should go talk to mom your gift is in the armory anyways.
flare: what is it.
jem: remember in halloween I had several prosthetic parts on hand.
flare: yes. I did see that as weird, but I didn't think much about it at the time as you do tinker with robotics a lot.
jem and flare go downstairs and enter the armory
jem:happy birthday here is a robotic suit of armor that I made for you. 
jem picks up a large box and hands it to flare. inside is a black suit of armor
(here are the stats of the armor that is inside)
midnight wolfcat armor
general stats:
height:6'0"(1.8288M) capable of taking a 4-5.5'(1.2192M-1.6764M) humanoid. the tail section can compress to allow a tail to enter (and can be extended if needed). If a tailless being, for example a human, it will connect to their nervous system and act like an actual tail.
weight with person: 20 tons (20320.9382 Kg) but with the antigravity device active 150 lbs.(68.0388554 kg[technicallly it can be less weight but it uses more power. note when the hyperion cannon is charging the antigravity device deactivates.])

power source: 
multiple micro fusion reactors 
has the ability to charge via an industrial outlet
has 6 240V batteries 

defenses:
bullet proof steel and Hypersteel alloy outer body (directly attached to the nanobot inner body
nanobot inner body that can adjust to have near completely fluid movement
extremely modified hyper shield that is used in starships (is visible as it is a glowing blue round dome in the chest region)

armaments:
arm cannon that can switch between 3-4 types of ammo (rubber bullets, regular bullets, radioactive bullets) 
has a Hyperion cannon for the other arm
has a perfect magic translator gem 

movement:
nanobot inner body
tail for balance 
antigravity device/gravity generator 

sensory, displays, life support:
has light sensors for eyes and is connected with a special neural link at the back of the head. these can also detect most forms of light and can adjust your vision so that it is perfect full color vision and at least 20/20 sight 
has very sensitive microphones placed in the ears. This is due to the armor being soundproof
has neural linkages the connect to the personal body through the nanobot inner body (these pass-through touch and smell)
has 1 oxygen tank that can sustain someone for 1 week
has a neural link (mixed with chemicals) that slows down the metabolism to allow someone to last for a week without food or water easily
(end of armor description)
jem: while you where sleeping I was measuring you to make sure it fit, but still try it on.
flare tries the armor on and it fits perfectly.
jem: what do you think.
flare: I think it looks great...though I kind of feel weird that you measured me without your knowledge.
jem: sorry, how else would I get acurate measurements without you knowing or suspecting I was making something for you.
flare: fair point. I do like it maybe tomorrow I can test it fully out.
flare puts the armor back in the box.
flare: well lets talk to your mom. If I remember she is in the throne room. and please try not to strain yourself lifting heavy weights.