Temporal Light side stories
Name: Halloween trick or treat
Timeframe: the same year as the teaching lies sidestory on Halloween
Starting location: Lightbringer castle on Luna
jem just woke up and flare is right next to her (in bed)

flare:you know what day it is today.
Jem:october 31st why? Is there a special occasion.
flare:today is Halloween. It is a holiday where you dress up in costumes and...
Jem:I know what Halloween is just I never knew when.
flare:it is also a day that the banishment is temporarily lifted.
Jem:what are you going as?
flare:a black kitsune. I am curious as to why you never known the date
Jem:my father thought the holiday is racist against monsters and banned it as a result. (under her breath: and banned costumes of other races). personally I don't agree with my father on this and I find it mildly amusing.
flare:that sounds good...what are you going as?
jem:it is a secret. I will change into it on the flight to earth since I assume that is where we will be going.

flare then picks up a package and opens it

flare: dang they put a brown kitsune costume instead.

flare then takes the costume out it is a full fabric costume. with a rubber head

flare: the quality of this is terrible. it looked much better online.

jem: mind if I modify it
flare: sure

jem walks over to a small work bench near the bed. and starts ripping holes in the ears, snout and tail section.

flare: what are you doing.
jem: prepping it for motorized parts. I thought I would make the costume more lifelike.
flare: ok.

jem stuffs a prosthetic tail into the fabric tail and robot ears, she then sows it shut.

jem: try this on. you might feel a slight sting when you do.it are not intended to harm you but to calibrate the system to your nervous system. Essentially it allows you to control what I added.
flare: why not you get dressed.
jem: I will

jem then transforms into a white human female with black hair fox ears and a tail. She then uses light magic to hide the extra limbs.

flare: wow you look like you could actually be a sister. (dev note: he is an only child)
jem: I am not done yet.

She then uses magic to change her outfit to look like a crop top and a short skirt. with two-gun holsters on the sides.

Jem: After this can I go to the armory and get some guns to put in.
flare: yes...I am afraid to ask where you got those.
Jem: I had them for a while. I always wanted to go to a Halloween party, but I never knew when it was.

The group traveled to Earth's Lightbringer palace. The entrance is seemingly filled with monsters of every type. And booths on the outer walls. flare directs jem to the nearest one.

flare: we will be trick or treating do you know what to do.
jem: I think I do. but I have you as backup right
flare: right.

the duo then walks up to the first booth

jem and flare: trick or treat
unknown man: ah a kitsune and ... are you even wearing a costume.
jem: I am we are dressed as gender bent versions of the other
unknown man:here is the candy do you mind if I take a picture of you
jem: ...sure?
the man gives both jem and flare some candy and takes a picture of jem as well as a bag to put them in
unknown man: thank you I hope to see you next year.

after walking away, a bit
flare: what was that about you know that person will use that picture for inappropriate purposes
jem: first off you could have said something, you are married to me after all. Second, I moved my wedding ring from my tail and put it on my finger so they could tell we are married, but fine I will be more careful. Lastly, we don't know if that person is going to use it that way, especially if he doesn't know what I normally look like.
flare: you do have a point. but still be careful.
jem: I will, also it isn't the first time I dealt with someone creepy

The rest of the tables where uneventful until the duo came to bright's booth. He is dressed in a skeleton costume.

jem and flare: trick or treat 
bright: ah a kitsune and a pretty girl. I have your candy can I have your number.
jem:you already have my number.
bright:oh can you regive it so we can go on a date.
flare: I have had enough (and slaps bright)
bright:oww I take it you are  her husband.
flare: I am surprised you didn't recognize us (he slightly lifts the head of the costume off enough for bright to see)
bright: sorry flare. who is that then... wait is that jem?
jem:yes, am I that good looking in the costume
bright: is it that obvious. well good luck (bright then gives both each a half bag's worth)

the duo came back to luna

jem: That was fun
flare: I could tell. I am surprised no one recognized us

both of them went to bed inside their costume. ;)
