Temporal Light side stories
Name: April Fool’s day
Timeframe: about a year and a few days after the Light of Pain side story on april fools day (1 minute after midnight)
Starting location: luna
flare and jem had just put crystal to sleep after a emergency diaper change
bright enters the room in a rambunctious manner

Bright:YOU KNOW WHAT DAY IT IS

flare and jem in a soft voice: keep it down we are trying to keep crystal asleep

Bright(even louder):IT IS APRIL FOOL’S DAY

The loud commotion wakes crystal up and bright walks out of the room smiling

a hour later jem and flare managed to get crystal asleep again

jem (softly): flare can you watch over crystal for a few minutes I am going to give bright a taste of his own medicine.

flare (softly): what are you going to do?

jem (softly): it is a secret but make sure you let him know I made some baby formula in the fridge.

flare (softly): how will I know he fell for it

jem (softly with a grin): you will know

jem went to the kitchen and mixed a few ingredients in a heated pot to be specific, water, succubus oil(1 day sex swap transformation), foxberry extract (size is kept but full transformation into a fox for 1 day), chibi berry juice(transforms the target into a real life chibi version of themselves for 1 day), midnight berry(causes instant transformation but extends or shortens transformations to last until next midnight), cut up chicken carrot(transforms the user into a chicken),some pain killers, some baby formula, some breast milk and lastly put a pink pepper(transforms the user's natural hair/feather color to pink). She put some baby formula in a bottle mixed with a little breast milk. she slapped a label with “prank” on the real one. put the transformation mixture into a bottle and called bright over

bright walked into the room

jem: would you mind giving these to crystal when she wakes up

bright: ok

as soon as bright was out of sight he drank both bottles leaving some for crystal in the bottle labeled prank

bright walks into crystal's room by this point the transformation is complete and bright is none the wiser with his eyes closed
and attempts to hand over the bottle of baby formula

flare: who or what are you... Wait, are you bright?

Bright nods.
Flare then laughs and bright opens his eyes to find his head changed into that of a fox

flare: you might want to look in the mirror. I think jem did a prank on you

bright ran off to his small house...and was never seen again until a week later in his normal human form. Rumors have been made that he laid an egg but regardless, a small chickenfox(bottom half chicken top half fox. normally happens when a transformation goes wrong or a child happens during the transformation. if not, a sentient being that was transformed these are commonly pets). 

Meanwhile, back to flare
jem walked back into the room

flare: remind me never to mess with you

jem: ok lets sit down in the throne room

flare and jem made it to the throne room and when flare sat down and as soon as he did the chair started glowing a odd shade of green

jem: it is April fool’s day after all where you expecting anything else.

flare: could be worse or is this just the beginning

jem: that is everything

The next day flare woke up as a small cat

flare: um, jem you aren't supposed to have pranks that extend after that day

jem: oh sorry. it should wear off soon
