this contains adds to in universe ads this is intended to be shown like a online streaming video
Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 1
Timeframe: Mid-April after Light of Pain
Starting location: luna
Fog is advising Jem and flare about Jem's Pregnancy

Fog: I think by now you should know your child is projected to arrive sometime next month with a high probability around the 10th-16th

Jem: Why can't you give me a more accurate date.

Fog: unlike most other sciences you are dealing with living beings that can be unpredictable. This is about as accurate as I can give without giving a false prediction

soon after a gunshot breaks through the glass roof barely misses jem's head by about 1/4 inch and knocks Fog's glasses off her head. Then the glass from the ceiling shattered.

Bright enters the room hearing the commotion.

Flare: Get Jem and Fog out of here maybe the Bunker NOW

Without saying a word Bright grabs Jem's hand and then fog and yanks them at high speed

Jem: What is going on

Bright: Don't know exactly but judging from the damage and where Flare told me to go, I assume someone tried to kill you.

Fog: aren't you the one that does pranks. is this one big prank.

bright: Unlikely or at the very least I am not in it. THIS IS SERIOUS.

Jem: ...who might do this?

bright: there are a few groups that might but only one pair of mercenaries comes to mind. ... squeegee and leech

fog: funny names.

bright: but not funny actions. They used to be my second in command. but I had to cut them loose they were getting too high profile. and even taking jobs behind my back. but something is off.

Jem: What do you mean

bright: normally squeegee shoots from above and leech attacks from below while distracted by squeegee's attack but there was only a arial attack

Meanwhile, a few minutes after

Flare: you can come out now. WHY DID YOU TRY TO KILL MY WIFE?

A Male black dragon whose limbs look like that of clouds comes out of the shadow. They are armed to the teeth with armor and weapons.

???: it's only business

flare: Where is Leech you two are normally a pair.

???: We had some disagreements.

flare: sounds to me like you finally found something even leech won't kill for money.

???: ...SHUT UP YOU FILTHY F$%^ING PIG YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT

Flare: oh did I strike a nerve your sister was the one who did all the work. WHO DO YOU WORK FOR ANYWAYS?

???: I am not telling.

Flare: If you are here to kill me show me your best shot

flare then slams the centerpiece on his outfit one sword materializes in each hand and then the cloth turns into a form of flexible armor. then preforms a taunting pose

flare: DIE YOU SCALEY SCUM.

AD Break.
New Toes Monster 365 headphones
Replaceable Earpieces allows any monster to enjoy the surround sound
Sound blocking technology allows only you to hear the music
and it can even swivel around to allow avian monsters and humans to use without compromise
Each Earpiece comes with an optional strap to hold the ear tightly to the headphones
for two payments of 1999 Nule you can have a new set of toes today

Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 2
Starting location: luna

flare: DIE YOU SCALEY SCUM.

??? Then runs up to punch flare in the face
??? flare jumps left and ??? punches the wall
flare then tries to slice ??? with his left sword and hits the tip of their tail causing it to bleed profusely but ??? dodged out of the way (to the left) just in time
??? starts to charge up a ball of air magic and tosses it at flare. flare leans back and the ball barely misses and hits a computer behind him, ripping it to shreds. ??? closes the gap between the two.
flare then slams his head forward hitting ??? in the stomach. ??? tries not to vomit from the injury
??? takes a few steps back and loses their balance
??? tries to stand up but flare just kicks him down
??? kicks flare causing him to take a step back. ??? gets back on his feet
??? uses a light spell and temporarily blinds flare when his vision returns ??? is gone 
Soon after a loud metallic bang rang out behind flare.
when flare turned around ??? was on the floor unconscious and prine holding a large metal object

Flare: thank you prine what is the occasion.
Prine: I cam' teh deliver your next package o' weapons and I herd teh glass breakin'. I got the right one?
Flare: yes, this A%$hole just tried to kill my wife. Bright is watching over her at the moment to make sure there is no surprises.
prine: the missus is safe, good now let's make sur' he trets wemon correctly.

Meanwhile

Jem, fog, and bright enter a bunker and go down 6 floors (every 3 steps has a armed guard) inside is a room with a few computer terminals.
Jem: Let’s contact mom, maybe she can help with that.
Bright: just to let you know this is not the bunker but a temporary checkpoint but yes that might help
fog: temporary checkpoint with that security what are you preparing for nuclear war?
Bright: worse a mafia war. Nuclear war still has rules in comparison.
Everyone went silent and was interrupted by a video call with pearlite.
Pearlite: how are things going...where is flar- Bright cuts pearlite off
Bright: someone tried to kill Jem and fog. flare is fighting off the assassin.
The pearlite’s fur seemed to get a few shades lighter
Pearlite: someone tried to kill my daughter. Since both cay and dark are out on a mission, I am sending my solar council spy in. Allium came here.
Allium: if you want me to do that would blow my cover.
bright: not if we rendezvous at the Venus police station.
Allium: ... that might work.

Meanwhile
??? wakes up in chains and is locked in place. and flare is next to the console in a poorly lit room
Flare: you will give me answers or else
???: what are you going to do to me isn't that illegal.
flare: you know that won't work with me it might with my wife but not me
flare then presses a button on the console and a electric shock goes across???
flare: you better give me the answers I want, or I might have to itch my trigger finger.
AD Break.
New Litch 2
enjoy all the games of the first litch (small print: only some will be compatible and have a 2000 nule upgrade fee)
experience the new chat button to talk to others (small print: this requires a litch online subscription and if you don't have one you will be ejected from the game to purchase it)
see the new 64k screen or experience the game at 420 fps (small print:4k maxes out at 360 fps and 420 fps is only achievable in 720p resolution)
don't have the money for a Litch 2 get a Litch 1 (small print: we will discontinue the Litch 1 a year after this release)
buy a litch 2 today for 100000 nule. (Small print: games sold separately. The instruction manual is 1000nule and games are 8000-10000 Nule)


Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 3
Starting location: luna

??? wakes up in chains and is locked in place. and flare is next to the console in a poorly lit room
Flare: you will give me answers or else
???: what are you going to do to me isn't that illegal.
flare: you know that won't work with me it might with my wife but not me
flare then presses a button on the console and an electric shock goes across???
flare: you better give me the answers I want, or I might have to itch my trigger finger.

???: I will never talk I want a lawyer.
flare: do you really think attacking a former mafia boss' family and the mafia boss will act according to the law you should know as much as anyone. (flare presses the button midway through that line and shocks ???)
???: A#$%# Leech will come, and she will kill you.
flare: oh, will she now and why is that.
???: ... ...
flare: exactly first question what is your name
???: I am wait; why do I have to cooperate with you
flare presses the button and shocks???
???: fine I am squeegee deathdragon
flare: better why did you attempt to shoot my wife. 
squeegee thinks about lying then flare gestures toward the button almost taunting him to lie
squeegee: I was hired by a person with the online handle of death litch4560
flare: Why did leech not help you?
squeegee: Leech hates killing children
flare: I always wanted to ask if you are related by blood or by adoption
squeegee: biologically I am not related at all, she is just a friend I call my sister. This is all I know
flare: thanks for the help 
flare then walks out of the room
squeegee: anyone there to help... anyone
flare comes back in, and knocks squeegee out
flare then put squeegee in a black bag and put him in the cow manure storage pile.
flare: finally done taking out the trash I have to check in with bright
Flare then sees bright, Jem, and fog walking toward the landing bay with the Intrepid flyer in it
Flare: hey, just finished taking out the trash
flare ran over toward the group
bright: did your interrogation prove successful
flare: kind of all I got was the person who hired him goes by litch4560 online do any of you know that handle
bright: no clue
Jem: ...It could be my sister, but I don't know the numbers, but I do know litch is in their handle
bright: we are going to Venus to get more security from jem's mom.
flare: that couldn't hurt where is it
Jem: We plan to meet up at the main solar council police station
flare: smart most mafia members know attacking someone near there is suicide. sounds good.

After a 6 hour trip the group arrived on landing Bay Alpha 2
allium and two bunny guards following her one male and one female

Allium: glad you came. There was an attempt to plant explosives on the original landing site you were going to land on. The culprits are behind bars. We think that we got all the explosives out, but we did not want to risk it. Did you get any leads since the last time we talked.

flare: the attacker accidentally left a note stating that someone that goes by the handle litch4560 hired them.
allium (seemingly not believing the part that they accidentally left it): can we see the note
flare: it burnt up immediately after I read it
allium (really not believing that): ... fine can you give a description of the attacker
flare: even better I can give you a name that is in your database squeegee deathdragon. but I will give a description a 8' tale male black sky dragon with pen-...adult tattoos on his neck and emerald, green eyes. sadly, he got away.

Meanwhile
leech a female blue earth dragon got out of her starship after getting a distress signal from squeegee
leech: he has to be here somewhere.
instantly notices a pile of crap.
leech: I hope he isn't in that 
The handheld device started beeping louder and quicker the closer she got to the pile
leech: aww s$%^$. There is someone inside a bag deep in the pile
leech opens the bag to find squeegee but something is off
leech: looks like you had a hard night
squeegee (with a slightly higher pitch): what do you mean I'm fine
leech: it looks like you have been drinking again and not just normal soda (bottles are inside pile around him) but ones with succubus oil...that is what is off about you.
squeegee: Naw but let’s go home
squeegee does not notice the changes until they had to go use the bathroom and swears he will have his revenge on flare. it wore off the next day

A ship passes by and heading toward venus
AD Break.
new Laid shadow nights
epic gameplay
epic champions
epic bosses
lootbox galore
epic lore
free to play
get Laid today (small note: Laid shadow legends are not responsible for any inappropriate actions or children that arise from this advertisement)


Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 4
Starting location: luna

leech a female blue earth dragon got out of her starship after getting a distress signal from squeegee
leech: he has to be here somewhere.
instantly notices a pile of crap.
leech: I hope he isn't in that 
The handheld device started beeping louder and quicker the closer she got to the pile
leech: aww s$%^$. There is someone inside a bag deep in the pile
leech opens the bag to find squeegee but something is off
leech: looks like you had a hard night
squeegee(with a slightly higher pitch): what do you mean I'm fine
leech: it looks like you have been drinking again and not just normal soda (bottles are inside pile around him) but ones with succubus oil...that is what is off about you.
squeegee: Naw but let’s go home
squeegee does not notice the changes until they had to go use the bathroom and swears he will have his revenge on flare. it wore off the next day

A ship passes by and heading toward Venus

Meanwhile on Venus Jem, flare, fog and bright are discussing topics to Allium about their assailant and jem's pregnancy

Allium: how is the pregnancy coming

Jem: ok I hope this does not cause a miscarriage

Allium: let’s get inside, so we can try to ID the mastermind behind this.

Fog: what kind of motive might the attacker have.

Flare: normally squeegee works with another dragon called Leech. during the fight with squeegee he said that Leech hated killing children even unborn ones.

Allium: do you have any enemies that might want to do this

Jem: The only one I can think of is my sister.

flare: I can write a list, but the top one is Cedric Burnfeather. Sadly, I don't have any proof of this being true other than what you know.

Allium: odds are if this was a contract job they will try again but maybe with different people

Fog: how do you know that?

Bright: this is a common mafia tactic one is to never directly give your information and two is to achieve success on your mission regardless of sacrifice. I could be wrong, but it seems like they are not so much trying to kill you Jem but your child. I am going to try to contact Thunder to see if they can temporarily lift the banishment.

Allium: why not go to Eather?

Bright: if I was able to easily kidnap jem there I doubt it will be safer. Not to mention it is a very long distance without a fleet protecting us we would be sitting ducks.

Allium: SO, IT WAS YOU WHO KIDNAPPED HER.

Jem: My ship isn't that week.

flare: Bright is correct on that can your ship survive a fleet as likely the next level of escalation would be to send a fleet

Jem looked defeated as she knew that her ship can handle 1 or 2 ships with high firepower but not a fleet.

Jem: I can outrun them with my ship

flare: at the risk of safety and all it takes then would be one good shot as to obtain that high speed you will have to lower your shields. and I won't risk that. I know you want to get to your parents for protection but that isn't feasible.

Before the group could continue a loud explosion was heard on the floors above them.

bright: sounds like someone is attacking the building.

Another loud explosion was heard coming closer

Allium: we have to get to the mantle elevator.

Jem: isn't using elevators ill advised

Allium: under normal circumstances yes but that isn't a normal elevator

The group took to the stairs and every floor they went down there was an explosion on the floor above.

Allium: there it is (pointing at the elevator then using plant magic to press the call button)

The elevator was cylindrical with 1 button on the outside and 3 on the inside

The elevator opened and the whole elevator was filled with lava.

Bright: so, this is how things end trapped between two fires

then a voice rang out over the loudspeaker: This is Leech waterflame I have come to save you I know your husband has some beef with me and my boyfriend tried to kill you, but I don't wish your death...yet. come out to the ground floor landing strip

Jem: should we trust her?

flare: I don't see much choice in the matter as we don't have much time.

The moment the group left the room it exploded, and a rock barely missed Jem and hit fog in the back, and blood gushed out of the impact area

Jem: forgive me (using fire magic Jem cauterized the wound then she carried fog over her shoulder)

Jem: let’s go.

The group boarded the ship just barely before the landing strip exploded and fell 20 feet. (the ship's retrorockets activated keeping it stable)

Leech: well, well, well, what do we have here? A little flame came by asking for help. Your little distress beacon came in and I came to help

flare: I didn't activate a distress beacon

Jem: nor did I

bright: I didn't

Allium: I don't even know how to use one

fog: weekly I didn't

Leech: then who did?

flare: no clue. But I am thankful if you want to, I can pay you for transport to Earth. but first we got to get fog treated.

Leech: Flare aren't you still banished.

flare: with exception to emergencies and having multiple hitmen after me and my wife do count as a emergency

Allium: I just got clearance from the head council member that you are cleared to go to Earth for at least 2 months or a day after the mastermind has been caught.

Leech: isn't it illegal for monsters to have children on Earth.

Flare: odds are my father will rectify that as after we got married dad lied to mom that jem was 3/4 human and put the first stage of repealing the law.

Leech: were too specifically.

flare: I will give the coordinates later, but it used to be called Charleston

Jem: What about my ship

Allium: we will check the wreckage of the building and will pay for repairs
AD Break.
New Pphone model 84569
sleek paper-thin design (1mm thickness)
32k screen allows for high quality videos
65 cameras allow for video capture from any angle
Our own proprietary app store forces users to only get apps through us
get a new Pphone today for only 89000000 nule

Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 5
Starting location: Leech's starship

Leech: were too specifically.

flare: I will give the coordinates later, but it used to be called charleston

Jem: What about my ship

Allium: we will check the wreckage of the building and will pay for repairs

After leech walks to the cockpit then puts the general coordinates for earth. and walks back

Leech: Jem, did you know at one point I dated your husband.

Jem: Really. that is interesting

leech: though I don't have any Idea as to why flare dumped me a long time ago. Do you know why?

Jem: I didn't even know you were even a part of his past until your boyfriend attacked. but from what flare told me is he dated a lot of monster girls but most treated him like a racist ready to attack. or constantly advertising their magic making him feel like s%$$# he can't directly use it.

leech: now that I think about it, I was over advertising my magic back then.

Jem: just curious about what form of magic you specialize in mine is Earth and fire magic and I inherited mind magic (quieter under her breath: even though I wish I didn't)

leech: Earth magic but also healing magic. Other than being a princess of Eather or queen of Luna do you have any side occupation?

Jem: yes, I design starships. as well as design power armor. my most recent form of research is finding how to tap into a human's magic storage.

leech: are you doing that for flare?

Jem: Not initially. Initially I was doing this for any being to use magic not just humans. Though having Flare around does help.

leech: what is your progress.

Jem: nearing completion flare has an early prototype just (looks down at her belly) this little one takes precedence

a blinding red light shown up at the cockpit

leech: looks like we have company! Jem, I am going to give you the cannon control

jem: is your ship exterior metal

leech: yes.

Jem: give the control to flare (taking off her wedding ring it then grows in size and pulls out a space suit with a set of magnetic boots and puts the ring back on her tail) I am going outside to use my magic

leech: Ok but I will give you this communicator so I can warn you If I do anything that can overpower your space suit.

flare: Jem isn't that dangerous.

Jem: Even being here is dangerous and I know you like using weapons

flare (seemingly conflicted): all right but be careful I don't want to lose you.

Jem put on the space suit and walked over to the air lock. activated the magnetic boots and walked out on top of the ship.

Jem took a good look at the fleet of ships at least 20 large ships (about the size of a city), 20 medium ships (about the size of a house) and 5 personal ships (only big enough to hold one passenger).

Jem: Flare, do you know any group that has a white crescent moon and a black house cat.

flare: s$#% sounds like the moonlight cats. We are going to have to hold out until we get to Earth's atmosphere. because there usually are double the number of large ships than you can see.

jem: How far are we from Earth.

leech: still about a thousand miles from the lunar orbit

Jem using magic, took two massive asteroids and used it to crush one of the ships. Soon after another took its place in formation

Jem: aww come on

flare: this is going to be a hard-won fight.

flare shot the cannon and disabled the engines of 6 large ships in which jem used magic to rain asteroids through the ships at extreme speed. some monsters with space suits exited the ships using fire magic to attempt to close the gap.

jem then pulled her hand cannon from the hidden holster on her ankle and shot half with one shot electrocuting them to death.

leech: I am going to do a flyby of luna flare is going to contact the fleet there.

one of the monsters then land on the ship behind Jem but before they can react flare shot them using the ships cannons only their feet survived before turning to dust

leech: jem you might want to get inside the ship we are entering the upper atmosphere of luna. and it might get extremely hot

Jem then walked to the air lock but before the door can close behind her a monster used their hand to stop the door from closing 

jem then summoned her family sword and sliced the hand off the door then slamed shut with a thud

soon after walking through the airlock Jem passed out


AD Break.
enroll today at the Eatherian school of magic
we have several courses on Elemental magic.
we also teach how to use this magic in a practical setting.
we even have taught members of the royal family
enroll today (in small print: tuition is 500000 Nule per credit hour per semester)

Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 6
Starting location: In a hospital on Earth
jem is still unconscious but was able to hear this discussion

???: please forgive us. We didn't know about the assassination attempt

Flare: Yet you did not make any attempt to clear any confusion. I will still leave the decision to Jem. (in a slightly more serious tone): and if she dies, I get to decide your fate.

????: I will make sure squeegee gets punished I just need to know what.

???: I had no idea you married garnet's daughter. you are lucky.

Flare: flattery won't change my decision. Why do you ask?

????: garnet is our uncle. knowing him he probably gave you trouble

Flare (stunned): ... what (lies) he didn't give me much trouble.

jem woke up (leech, bright, allium, and pearlite as well as two shadowcats one male and one female are all in attendance)

flare: looks like jem woke up. let’s give her some space.

Everyone takes a step back from the hospital bed jem is in

??? and ????: we are so sorry.

bright: I guess I can tell what happened. it was a few weeks ago. immediately after you passed out


flare: let’s get jem out of here.

both flare and bright then drag jem next to fog.

flare: bright do you think that we are in range of my power armor

bright: you mean the gift jem made for you. shouldn't hurt to check.

flare then presses a button on his belt

leech: did anyone summon a suit of armor as there is a empty suit of armor at the airlock

flare: that sounds like my power armor jem made for me. I am going to buy some time until the lunar fleet gets launched

a red light illuminates the cockpit

Leech: WHAT NOW. (she sees a fleet coming from the direction of eather) Aww COME ON.

Allium: let me see... that is the eatherian navy I will send a friendly signal to them

Leech: why? Couldn’t this make things worse?

Allium: Jem's parents own the eatherian empire. Jem was a princess before marrying Flare.

Leech: wait what! I knew that jem was the lunar queen but you mean she was royalty before she met flare.

Allium: done

a communication came through the instrument panel

Pearlite: HOW IS JEM DOING?

allium: not good she tried fighting off the fleet that is following and passed out. I think she might have used too much magic but I am not a doctor.

pearlite: WHAT ABOUT FOG WOULDN'T SHE KNOW

allium: she was seriously injured when the fleet first attacked. (under her breath): even though it was the first one she destroyed.

pearlite: I SEE I WILL MAKE SURE THE FLEET IS TAKEN CARE OF IS THERE ANYTHING ELSE I SHOULD KNOW ABOUT

allium: Flare is letting the lunar fleet know so they will be launching ships soon. can you put some distance from the microphone it almost sounds like it is in your mouth.

pearlite: oh sorry.

soon after the moonlight cats fleet started to open fire on leech's ship. then the eatherian's fleet started to return fire

leech: let’s land on Luna the shield should hold until then

Flare: can you open the airlock so I can get my power armor?

leech: oh yes sorry.

soon after the airlock opened and the suit of armor walked inside then the airlock closed and the inside doors opened. flare started to put the suit on

flare: bright would you mind managing the weapons. (he then puts on the helmet which makes his voice sound robotic):I will try to distract them.

flare then exited the ship and using the rocket boots flew off at supersonic speeds toward the moonlight cat's fleet.

Ad break.
New dragon fireball cannon
Space debris in your way is not a issue with this cannon
It has a self-targeting system primed to target anything in close proximity to your ship
(in small text any object with life signs will force the operator to fire)
Get a new cannon today

Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 7
Starting location: Leech's starship above luna

flare: bright would you mind managing the weapons. (he then puts on the helmet which makes his voice sound robotic):I will try to distract them.

flare then exited the ship and using the rocket boots flew off at supersonic speeds toward the moonlight cat's fleet.

flare's armor then shot out 10 missiles each targeting a ship in the moonlight cat's fleet.

the fleet then stopped attacking leech's starship and started targeting flare

Meanwhile

bright: that should hold the fleet off for a few minutes. enough for the first wave of fighters to get launched

leech: that is a relief. aren't you worried about flare

bright: always. but I have faith in jem's work, and I trust flare.

leech: it looks like that is a standard power armor

bright: there is nothing standard about it but the most powerful thing about it is the micro hyperion beam generator.

leech, allium, pearlite and even fog: WHAT!

pearlite: wasn't that banned years ago.

allium: in every world except Earth and luna. I always theorized Earth and luna was using this as a means of self-defense. but I could never confirm it

soon after flare's armor shot out a large beam of energy ripping through half the midnight cats' fleet

then the first wave of the lunar defense force arrived surrounding the remaining midnight cats' fleet.

Flare via communication network: this is on all channels. you are surrounded give up while you have the chance (before he finished a wave of surrender signals rang out)

back to present

bright: this a$^$# (pushing the male shadowcat forward) was the one commanding the ship

???: please spare me

jem: give me a reason to spare you. you have roughly a hour

???: squeegee lied to us that flare attacked him unprovoked which breaks a treaty we had with flare's clan. I-(jem cut him off)

jem: why didn't you try to clear things up before attacking us?

???: ...I,... I was stupid

jem: sounds to me you where looking for a reason and when one came even though manufactured you took it without checking. if you are serious go alone with allium and bright and get squeegee you should keep records on where they are. do this and I will forgive you but if you fail I will decide your fate

???: I,... I will. you are most forgiving

jem: until squeegee is here you are not forgiven yet

allium, bright, and the male shadowcat left the room

jem(pointing to the female shadowcat): what is your deal

????: I am dr. jekyll wolfsbane and that was my brother hyde wolfsbane. Please forgive my brother. He was tricked

jem: it takes two to tango, I doubt you had no hand with this

dr.jekyll was holding a knife in her hand secretly slowly walking toward the bed

pearlite noticed the metallic glint from the knife and tackled dr.jekyll

pearlite took the knife from dr.jekyll and stabbed dr. jekyll's hand to the wall in plain view of everyone.

pearlite: you were trying to kill jem weren’t you. (she then takes jem's sword and held the blade to her neck) WHO HIRED YOU!

flare and jem looked stunned

dr.jekyll: all I know is that it is someone close to the eatherian royal family.

pearlite: Could it be a family member.

dr.jekyll: It could be.

pearlite: can you give me the payment details of the person who hired you

dr.jekyll: gladly take the tablet in my purse the password is 144+ 34+

Pearlite signaled for flare to do it

flare managed to unlock the tablet

dr.jekyll: it is the most recent message

pearlite: let me look...that can't be

flare: who is it

pearlite: the details are of garnet's account ...

pearlite then opened her phone and dialed garnet

pearlite: garnet did you make a payment last night

garnet: no, why did brier steal my card and go on a spending spree again

pearlite: well we have a failed assassin that tried to kill jem and the payment came from our account

garnet: that cat is skinned if I find she took my card this will take a hour

pearlite: do you know of a dr. jekyll wolfsbane

garnet: that is my niece she always was a kind kid even though she took after my father's business why do you ask.

pearlite: she tried to kill jem

garnet searches for an hour and finds his card hidden inside brier's dresser

garnet: Brier has some explaining to do when she gets back home from school

two hours pass and mr. hyde, allium, and bright enter the room with squeegee in handcuffs and in a large clear casing

pearlite: I don't want any more funny business as while you were gone this little kitty tried to kill jem. still having the sword at dr. jekyll's neck

jem: squeegee WHO Hired you

squeegee: are you going to forgive me

jem: depends on your answer. (seemingly in a darker mischievous voice): your life depends on it

squeegee: all I know it was a female in the royal family of eather

pearlite: it isn't me and I doubt jem is suicidal. thank you allium take that assassin into custody. I am going to grill a cat

pearlite gave jem her sword back and left the room with a menacing look on her face.

allium put magic sealing handcuffs around dr.jekyll's hands and dragged her out of the room

squeegee: jem please spare me.

jem: since you told on your client if you are telling the truth I am sentencing you and mr. hyde to community service repairing the police station headquarters on venus

squeegee: I don't want to

jem: would you rather a public execution

squeegee: community service sounds good.

Ad break.
get yewtube premum+++ ultra green premium membership
 today and not have to wory about ads
only 1900 nule a month (jem noting on this:every month they silently increase the price by about 50 nule)

Temporal Light side stories
Name: Red Hot Fire part 8
Starting location: A hospital room on Earth

jem: since you told on your client if you are telling the truth I am sentencing you and mr. hyde to community service repairing the police station headquarters on venus

squeegee: I don't want to

jem: would you rather a public execution

squeegee: community service sounds good.

Flare’s phone vibrated in his pocket. and flare promptly checked it

flare: I just got a message from the mafia lords. Until you finish your punishments from us are finished you are ex-communicated from the mafia. to simplify, you may not get any protection from the mafia as well as all the jobs your where working on are henceforth will be rescinded and revoked. if you try to kill the mafia bosses or any significant person you will be automatically have a bounty equal or greater than double of that person's net worth 

jem: mafia lords who are they

leech: they are the ones keeping the mafia from devolving into chaos and giving rules for the mafia. Your husband is their current leader. attacking any mafia lords or family are suicide. as they control the rules. I have an announcement that I am breaking off the engagement with squeegee. (she then takes off a ring on her left hand and throws it onto the ground shattering in front of squeegee). bright if you still want to accept me in your ranks, I will accept it even if I have to restart from being a grunt

bright: fine on one condition you take orders from jem exclusively

warning corrupted data 
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

dat4 integr1ty 69%
Name: Red H0t F1re p@rt 9999999999999999999999999
1ocation: in 4 hospi+4l r00m on E@rth m4y 13th,6499
jem @sked f0g to do a check on how the b@by is d0ing

f0g(st1ll 1njured 8ut @8le to return +o w0rk): le+ me check

f0g then puts @ device on jem it then displays a 3d h0l0gr@m of jem'5 1n51de5

f0g: l00ks l1ke... w@1t d1d y0ur w@ter ju5t 8re@k g1ve me @ 5ec0nd

f0g run5 0ut of the r00m gett1ng 3 doctors (2 m@le hum@ns (j@ke, j0hn) @nd 1 fem@le ye110w bunny(r00t)) @s well @s f1@re 

jem: what is g0ing 0n

fl@re: if wh@t f0g t01d me is c0rrect, t0d@y is the d@y

(file integrity 100% from here on)

jem: ... 0h 

fog: the next part is going to be the painful part. flare I want you to hold jem's hand. now jem when you feel pain squeeze flare's hand instead of stopping. listen to these doctors and don't stop unless they say to stop

jem: I could crush flare's hand

flare: this is why we have healers but even if you rip it off, I trust you. We have been preparing for this moment (under his breath): but please don't rip it off.

fog: this is your last chance before your child is born do you want to know their gender

jem: I want it to be a surprise. Where are you going

fog: while I am fine enough to walk around and give advice I don't feel I am up to doing medical operations yet. I have been training root here for 10 years. and these two men are allied to king thunder your father-in-law. I am getting out of the room, so I am not in the way. I still will be monitoring everything.

root taking to fog: looks like she is beyond dilatated you should leave now

(fog then left the room)

root: now jem when we tell you to you are to push your child out of you. we have to get this right in order to minimize the pain

jake: 1, 2 , push. (jem screams in pain) let’s do this again 1,2 push (jem screams in pain)

root: you should have some tact (softly): push on 3. 1,2,3 push (jem screams in pain and a green glow happened on flare's hand. [this copied jem's pain and mapped them onto flare])

john: flare; are you ok it looks like jem cast a spell on you.

flare(lies): I am ok I feel no pain from that

root: then let’s continue. on 3 this should be the last one 1,2,3,push (jem was screaming in pain and she did the spell again, there was another scream) congratulations it's a girl wolfcat. I think. I am certain of the gender at least.

jem: give her here.

root: first flare I will give you the honor of cutting the umbilical cord

root then showed flare where to cut

flare: what are you having me do

jake: this is the last part cutting the physical connection to jem

flare: Why am I doing it? Aren’t you more skilled.

root: it is a long-standing custom that the father does this. now jem what is her name

(root shows flare again and flare does it)

jem: her name is crystal light lightbringer

root: that sounds like a great name. I will say that the pain may stay for a few days but will subside as time goes on but if it doesn't don't hesitate to notify me or fog. most likely by then she would be able to help.

over the next week crystal was constantly checked over to ensure no complications. at the end of the week her dark bluish grey fur coat grew in, and her eyes turned from blue to a firey orange color

jem talking to flare (first to notice the eye color change): flare do you know why I know you are her father. It’s in her eyes

flare: she has orange eyes wouldn't that be from you. I don't have orange eyes I have blue ones.

root (overhearing the conversation and checking inside): kitsune females from about a week old to menopause have a different eye color if memory serves me correctly eye color dominance are reversed from humans. orange I believe maps toward a sapphire blue color. if you want, I can look at the chart again

flare: ok you may check if you want

root then runs out and goes to her locker and pulls out a large book that looks like the spine is barely long enough to hold its pages together at least 2000 pages. She then enters the room and puts the book on a table. even though she gently put it on still gave a loud thud)

root(under her breath): if I remember right kitsune and wolfcat health is on page 1526 and eye health is the 45th page in

root: here it is and I was correct.

(below is the table on the book)
known eye colors
--------+----------
|  male | female  |
| blue  | orange  |
| brown | yellow  |
| green | blue    |
| hazel | green   |
| red   | red     |
--------+----------
*if a parent is not a fox, cat, or dog monster use the male eye color for predictions regardless of gender


flare: I didn't think she would inherit anything from me.

root: most male wolfcats tend to wear contact lenses to change the color of their eyes to match their significant other I can procure a set if you wish.

jem: I always found that custom creepy my dad used to do that all the time...it looks very un-natural that is also why I never use makeup. Usually, a lot are not healthy for you and the ones that are usually are; the kind you wish you didn't know.
