Temporal Light side stories
Name: Light of pain
Timeframe: the next day after the Valentines Day sidestory
Starting location: luna

jem scheduled a appointment with fog immediately after the sidestory. fog enters the room (jem and flare are also in the room)
fog: good morning. I heard form both you and pearlite that you where having pain on forced transformation.
jem: yes, but it is slowly fading.
fog: ...let me check how inside. That is likely the source.

fog checks jem's woumb using both magic and ultrasound technology only to find one child is missing. with no sign of where it went.
fog: let me check my notes from last time to make sure.
fog checks her notes and confirms what had happened
fog: I regret to inform you of the twins you had last time one of the two had dissapeared. but based on the pain you are having most likely it was a miscarriage.
jem: what caused this I did everything right. right flare.
flare: ... yes.
fog: this can be normal. it can happen even if you do everything right...sadly.

flare gestures to fog to talk in private. and fog walks over with flare outside of jem's hearing
flare: ok you can tell me the truth.
fog: I was. it was the boy that died. sorry.
flare: oh, is there anything else I should know about.

Meanwhile, on Eather

pearlite's transformation finally wore off from the last side story. she was inside garnet's and pearlite's room. This left pearlite naked. she quickly put on one of her dresses just in case anyone came in.

pearlite (angerly): d$%^ you jem. if it wasn't that you were pregnant or my daughter you probably would of been banished

garnet overhearing the outburst walks in the room and says. garnet: you weren't much different than jem.

pearlite: am not I never put my mom in baby clothes.

garnet: true but tricking your mother to transform twice removing clothes and live streaming it. is just as embarrassing if not more.
(note: their marriage was partially caused by pearlite being pregnant with jem. but was already pre-arranged and was before garnet's father did a massacre of the foxend famly which was pearlite's family. pearlite and bonemeal where the only survivors. and bonemeal well that is a story for another day)

pearlite(struggling to put her words together): ...I ... she...no jem did...

garnet: I understand your anger, but the hormones pregnancy has exclusively does make one's personality more extreme and removes their normal inhibitions. at least jem or flare did not livestream the event.

pearlite(realizing what she did to her mom): ...oh yes, I wish I can apologize to mom.

Meanwhile, on Luna
fog and flare made it back to the same room as jem

fog: I am going to prescribe you a mix of foxberries and baby formula. just asking you didn't do anything rash. Since the last time we met.

jem(lying, flare was able to tell but fog couldn't): no nothing rash.

fog: good. as I just got done telling flare the hormones that pregnancy causes can cause you to do actions that you wouldn't do normally. Well, I will leave for now, and please tell me if anything changes.

jem: will do, bye.

fog left the room.

flare: alright what did you do.

jem(lying but flare could not detect it this time): just dug through the trash cans of anywhere nearby.

flare: could be worse. ok
