Cumulo Cightbringer / Flare Lightbringer description from the game temporal Light: Jem of twilight
real name Cumulo Lightbringer
stage/nickname: flare
male human
32-35 years old
general physical features
skin color: Caucasian white
hair color: black if in post chapter 5 his hair turns white as there is a roughly 18-year time jump
eye color: blue
French and Spanish(spain not mexico) ancestry
visible and actual strength:slightly above average male
height:5'2" (1.5748 M)
weight:210 lbs. (95.2543976 Kg)
99%: human 0.5%: pure Homo-magica 0.25%: angel 0.25%:32 trace races
anything that is less than 5% do not generate extra appendages but they may affect other traits
This is also a breakdown of the homo-magica sub-race as technically all these are monster races

other minor details
his eye color changes when angry to a blood red color
He also has a crescent moon shape on his right leg pointing toward the center of the body. and is on the upper leg.
the angelic race dos allow for his hair to glow dimly under extreme stress (males do not have as strong a glow as females do)
He has thin but long scars going up his back. This is from Cedric Burnfeather illegally torturing him before the banishing. (this is from of repeated whippings with the whip on fire)
post chapter 5 has multiple scars all over his body below the head from the Wolfcat armor being destroyed. (he is still capable of having children but with extreme pain) most of these scars are unhealable and will be there for the rest of his life.

flare's outfit
He wears a blue shirt and pants (post chapter 5 the pants becomes red) with a removable power supply (that converts his magic power into electricity or weak magic) embedded in his shirt. right before chapter 5 Jem makes him a black suit of armor (that kind of gives him the appearance of a male version of Jem) that has multiple armaments including a micro-Hyperion cannon. this gets completely destroyed in chapter 5 as well as his blue pants. (he has been working on repairing it for his daughter, but Jem was very much ahead of her time with the design that most of it cannot be replicated)
He has a wedding ring on his right-hand middle finger.

midnight wolfcat armor (talked about earlier)
general stats:
height:6'0"(1.8288M) capable of taking a 4-5.5'(1.2192M-1.6764M) humanoid. the tail section can compress to allow a tail to enter (and can be extended if needed). If a tailless being, for example a human, it will connect to their nervous system and act like an actual tail.
weight with person: 20 tons (20320.9382 Kg) but with the antigravity device active 150 lbs.(68.0388554 kg[technicallly it can be less but it uses more power. note when the hyperion cannon is charging the antigravity device deactivates.])

power source: 
multiple micro fusion reactors (uses materials in the air as fuel and completely unknown where to start on replication)
has the ability to charge via an industrial outlet (easy to replicate but was unsalvageable)
has 6 240V batteries (internal unsalvageable unknown how to replicate at that scale)

defenses:
bullet proof steel and Hypersteel alloy outer body (directly attached to the nanobot inner body so most was unsalvageable but can easily remade)
nanobot inner body that can adjust to have near completely fluid movement (majority destroyed and the few that remain the molecular structure is too unstable even years after to study)
extremely modified hyper shield that is used in starships (is visible as it is a glowing blue round dome in the chest region) (unknown how to replicate at that scale)

armaments:
arm cannon that can switch between 3-4 types of ammo (rubber bullets, regular bullets, radioactive bullets) (replicable)
has a Hyperion cannon for the other arm (unknown how to replicate at that scale)
has a perfect magic translator gem (salvageable but damaged reduced power to x6. this is replicable but is seriously expensive)

movement:
nanobot inner body (majority destroyed and the few that remain the molecular structure is too unstable even years after to study)
tail for balance (part of the nanobot inner body. can come close but is un-replicable)
antigravity device/gravity generator (salvageable and replicable [off the shelf part])

sensory, displays, life support (anything neural is un-replicable and unsalvageable):
has light sensors for eyes and is connected with a special neural link at the back of the head. these can also detect most forms of light and can adjust your vision so that it is perfect full color vision and at least 20/20 sight 
has very sensitive microphones placed in the ears. This is due to the armor being soundproof (unsalvageable but replicable sensor wise but the soundproofing was from the nanobots. the reason why microphones and speakers were used as it seemed very not needed to put a neural link there is a port to add that in before it was destroyed)
has neural linkages the connect to the personal body through the nanobot inner body (these pass-through touch and smell)
has 1 oxygen tank that can sustain someone for 1 week (unsalvageable but replicable)
has a neural link (mixed with chemicals) that slows down the metabolism to allow someone to last for a week without food or water easily



flare's magic power
Natural (external) Magic Level: 0.5
with power supply modification: +1
with midnight armor:x12
grand total with midnight armor and power supply:18
Internal (Storage) Magic Level: 800
Primary magic specialty(s): Light, weaponry (although not a magic type)
While with his magic power being below 1, he can't make magic spells however he can alter ones that have has already been cast but not ended.
has a strong enough internal magic level that if most mind mages where to try to invade his mind he might be able to take control of the mind mage and potentially force them to use magic.(this is generally why mind mages are careful around humans because most have at least double the internal magic power [this allows non magical control of the body] but sometimes 8 times the internal magic power[this allows full control of the body and the victim cannot cut off the link])

flare's hobbies
cooking
weapon design
starship design (he doesn't know much though)
general electronics
developing AI using his own art or others with permission
video games
acting (before he was banished)

flare's job
prince of Earth (before he was banished)
acting (before he was banished)
king of Luna(post chapter 2)
king of Eather(post chapter 4 but loses it at the end of chapter 5) 
mob boss of the Lunar Knights
director of the temporal knife program(post chapter 5)
king of Earth(post chapter 5)