Jem wolfsbane/Jem Lightbringer description from the game temporal Light: Jem of twilight
female humanoid
20-23 years old
general physical features
double breasted (one set on top of the other): top is D cup bottom is A cup
skin color (under fur): Caucasian white
main fur color: Dark grey
fur pattern: light grey heart under snout and on body starting on the upper breasts to groin.
eye color: goldenrod yellow
visible strength: moderately muscular 
actual strength: equivalent to a human male Olympic weightlifter
height:4'6" (1.3716M)
weight: 150 lbs. (68.0388555 kg)
post chapter 3: has large scars going from the abdomen to just below the lower breasts from a large amount of deep puncture wounds. (some even going all the way through it was healed but it still left a scar on both the front and back[if it went through])

racial features inherited from her mother (humanoid kitsune)
mouth type: fox snout and face
tail length:1/3 her height
ear type: fox ears
breast and genital fur length: extra long

racial features inherited from her father (humanoid Shadowcat)
fur color and color pattern
tail type: cat like
tail count:1
tail strength: same as her arms
hand type: human like but with 3 fingers and a thumb with feline like padding underneath the palm. she has retractable claws that at minimum is like a human fingernail in length

racial features generated from the combination

She has long hair around the breast and genital areas (long enough to easily cover them up). this is the only exception to fur/hair changes to the form rules below. It is knotted in such a way that it cannot easily be cut, nor can it be seen through it. (she was taught how to do it and can use magic to quickly tie and untie it). (At puberty they are taught the specific method for that sex and are not taught the opposite one until they are married. [this is to prevent nonconsensual sex. it cannot stop it but can considerably slow it down])

she has two forms a daylight and night form
The daylight form is the most common form she chooses to take. this uses the racial features displayed above
The night form is mostly human-like (colors are retained) but with the following changes. 1. her ears and hands do not change but retract to the minimum. the tail shrinks to about 1/4 the size. most of the fur disappears to human like levels with exception of ears and tail. Anything that is worn is also adjusted in size, so it doesn't fall off.

The form changes are based on light levels. This is painless to the person. as well as there is a 20-minute cooldown. the daylight form is automatically taken if entering very religious locations or locations of power. (if deaging this character she does not get access to the night form until between her 2nd and 3rd birthday).no new body parts will be made from the transformation (the fur just retracts inside of her. any body parts may be bent and twisted to make the form in question). any scars and injuries do not disappear, but it can speed up any healing by 1 day each transformation. (Any amputations do not disappear. this is the only exception to the painless transformation as they would have all the pain from the injuries at once rather than over time).

jem's outfit
Jem typically wears a flowing yellow dress designed for an adult princess nearing the age of marriage (there is a hole for her tail, this also has an elastic band for a tight fit). This outfit also allows her to control which form she takes overriding the form change rules. While she is a crowned princess, she does not have the crown summoned at all times (almost never). On occasion she has been seen in a yellow bikini with similar enchantments. She prefers her daylight form but (post chapter 2) her husband prefers the night form when in private. the outfit can compress thickness in fact it is completely bulletproof
If this is post chapter 2 there is a gold ring around the base of the tail. This is her wedding ring as monster races with tails typically have a ring around the base of the tail rather than a ring on a finger. Unlike her sister she wears minimal makeup or hair dye.
She typically wears standard tennis shoes. She hates wearing most shoes that her feet are not flat with the ground. (she only wears them when it is required)
Her tail is normally bare of any adornments but occasionally she has a red ribbon tied to the end. This is usually when she is not wearing the dress.


jem's magic
primary
glow/twilight magic (earth + light combination)
fire
earth
secondary
electricity
anything else she can use but is very situational
Jem learns the temporal light spell near the end of chapter 3
Temporal Light Spell
Magic name: Temporal Light spell
Magic Alias: Temporal Eraser beam
magic element: time
magic rarity: Very rare
magic requirement: extremely high
max range: 0 to infinite
invocation requirement: yes
description: the user creates a beam of light that extends from the user. If the beam directly focuses on a person or thing that person or thing will be erased from existence permanently. if they are erased from existence their past is generified (you are replaced with a generic facsimile of yourself)
dispellation: the temporal light spell can be reversed but only by the original caster, and the original caster is subject to eternal torment by repeatedly being forced to relive their biggest failures.
Note: if there is not enough magic energy to use it will randomly take body parts as a cost.

jem's hobbies
working on her primary starship the intrepid flyer
general electronics
magic training
video games

jem's job
Princess of Eather. 
starship designer
(post chapter 2):Queen of luna,
(post chapter 4)Queen of Eather,


about aging/deaging
this is similar to a normal human but these details are to keep in mind
aging
slowly lighten the fur color at age 100 it is completely white
her eye color is based on estrogen levels in the body
high: goldenrod yellow 	low: hazel green(more green then brown but there is enough brown to not be green)
at around every 100 years she inherited a trait that there is a 4/5 chance her body becomes renewed back to her early 20's (any permanent injuries are still apparent they don't disappear ex. scars, amputations, etc. her coloration also returns) and an extra tail is added. Her magic power is also doubled. and the chance is halved every subsequent time. If the chance isn't in her favor, she has 20 more years left. her hair starts to fall out and a form of multisystem cancer starts to slowly take hold slowly taking away her mobility
deaging
to first 2 years
her eye color is a white with a slight orange tint
her breast size becomes similar to an infant
the tail is about half her size
she only has hair/fur to human levels
she does not have access to the night form
her eyes start white (iris coloration not pupil she is not blind just colorblind deuteranopic to be specific. the color blindness does not change) and slowly become colored by age 3 it is fully colored to normal levels
to 18 and earlier
she follows similar development to a human
both sets of breasts will grow to D size (the top is locked in at this point)
Her apparent physical strength is similar to an average human female
Her actual strength is similar to an average human male
this is when she started to build the intrepid flyer (which is where her physical strength comes from lifting heavy parts over and over)
the tail ratio becomes close to what it is now
from 18 to 20
the lower breast decreases in size as her body fat drops
her appearance overall becomes more muscular

modification details for her child(crystal/light)
similar to Jem at 5-18 years (5 for Jem of twilight and 18 for light's adventure)
her facial features are slightly more human
She also constantly wears light blue outfits(same type as jem before chapter 3) with a yellow accent.
As of age 16 she is fully medically trained for both humans and monsters and can wear outfits typically associated. (Few know that she is half human as flare changed records to look like she was adopted, and crystal died [this was done to protect her]. one of which is a part of the high medical council that overrode the ability to only be trained on monster biology [internally they are similar to humans with minor differences the biggest is for organs to control and use magic])
the breast sizes for when she is an adult is C and B respectively
if post chapter 3 but before age 21-25 her fur color is pink, and her night form is locked out as a side effect of a spell placed on her. (what triggers the dispilation is a character that is important to both Jem and light is killed by Feryil and they die in light's arms while light is franticly trying to use healing magic)
Her fur pattern has the ability to selectively have bioluminescence. (strangely inherited from her father it is unknown where this came from) [this is also embarrassing for her as also the body part close to the pattern also glows the same color as the skin]
the modification from jem's pattern is instead of a solid shape it is a thin outline
She also has a crescent moon shape on each leg pointing toward the center of the body. and is on the upper leg. (inherited from her father [however it is only on his right leg as a brown birthmark])
her eye color changes when angry to a blood red color (also inherited from her father) and on extreme circumstances of anger her blood will glow inside her body
when in night form her patterns look similar to a brown birthmark.
she has orange eyes(inherited from her father and when she gets older they will become blue)

character specific breast sizes (band size in inches then cup size letter)
Jem 27D
    27A
Light(adult) 28C
             28B
character heights (for Europeans it is one ' means foot " means inches left over)
Jem 4'6" (1.3716M)
light(child) 2'11"(0.889M)
light(adult) 4'9"(1.4478M)

general conversions and definitions
length
12 inches in 1 foot
1 inch = 2.54 cm

clothing size details most are measured with a neutral pose (these do not include the arms in this just the torso)
band size is the circumference just below the breast. This is generally also the waist size +-1 inch (if multibreasted like Jem or Light it is measured from the lowest one)
bust size is the largest circumference including the breast.
cup size is the difference between the bust and band size
most male cup sizes are between AAA to A and most females are between A to D. if any bigger than the size round up
standard US cup sizes
AAA = 0.25 inches any lower round to this size
AA = 0.5 inches
A = 1 inch
B = 2 inches
C = 3 inches
D = 4 inches
DD = 5 inches
DDD = 6 inches
E = 7 inches (continue up the alphabet from here if larger)

weight
lbs. to kg
1lb = 0.45359237


