master drawing descriptions from the game temporal Light: Jem of twilight
name: Jem wolfsbane/Jem Lightbringer
female humanoid
20-23 years old
general physical features
double breasted (one set on top of the other): top is D cup bottom is A cup
skin color (under fur): Caucasian white
main fur color: Dark grey
fur pattern: light grey heart under snout and on body starting on the upper breasts to groin.
eye color: goldenrod yellow
visible strength: moderately muscular 
actual strength: equivalent to a human male Olympic weightlifter
height:4'6" (1.3716M)
weight: 150 lbs. (68.0388555 kg)
post chapter 3: has large scars going from the abdomen to just below the lower breasts from a large amount of deep puncture wounds. (some even going all the way through it was healed but it still left a scar on both the front and back [if it went through])

racial features inherited from her mother (humanoid kitsune)
mouth type: fox snout and face
tail length:1/3 her height
ear type: fox ears
breast and genital fur length: extra long

racial features inherited from her father (humanoid Shadowcat)
fur color and color pattern
tail type: cat like
tail count:1
tail strength: same as her arms
hand type: human like but with 3 fingers and a thumb with feline like padding underneath the palm. she has retractable claws that at minimum is like a human fingernail in length

racial features generated from the combination

She has long hair around the breast and genital areas (long enough to easily cover them up). this is the only exception to fur/hair changes to the form rules below. It is knotted in such a way that it cannot easily be cut, nor can it be seen through it. (she was taught how to do it and can use magic to quickly tie and untie it). (At puberty they are taught the specific method for that sex and are not taught the opposite one until they are married. [this is to prevent nonconsensual sex. it cannot stop it but can considerably slow it down])

she has two forms a daylight and night form
The daylight form is the most common form she chooses to take. this uses the racial features displayed above
The night form is mostly human-like (colors are retained) but with the following changes. 1. her ears and hands do not change but retract to the minimum. the tail shrinks to about 1/4 the size. most of the fur disappears to human like levels with exception of ears and tail. Anything that is worn is also adjusted in size, so it doesn't fall off.

The form changes are based on light levels. This is painless to the person. as well as there is a 20-minute cooldown. the daylight form is automatically taken if entering very religious locations or locations of power. (if deaging this character she does not get access to the night form until between her 2nd and 3rd birthday).no new body parts will be made from the transformation (the fur just retracts inside of her. any body parts may be bent and twisted to make the form in question). any scars and injuries do not disappear, but it can speed up any healing by 1 day each transformation. (Any amputations do not disappear. this is the only exception to the painless transformation as they would have all the pain from the injuries at once rather than over time).

jem's outfit
Jem typically wears a flowing yellow dress designed for an adult princess nearing the age of marriage (there is a hole for her tail, this also has an elastic band for a tight fit). This outfit also allows her to control which form she takes overriding the form change rules. While she is a crowned princess, she does not have the crown summoned at all times (almost never). On occasion she has been seen in a yellow bikini with similar enchantments. She prefers her daylight form but (post chapter 2) her husband prefers the night form when in private. the outfit can compress thickness in fact it is completely bulletproof
If this is post chapter 2 there is a gold ring around the base of the tail. This is her wedding ring as monster races with tails typically have a ring around the base of the tail rather than a ring on a finger. Unlike her sister she wears minimal makeup or hair dye.
She typically wears standard tennis shoes. She hates wearing most shoes that her feet are not flat with the ground. (she only wears them when it is required)
Her tail is normally bare of any adornments but occasionally she has a red ribbon tied to the end. This is usually when she is not wearing the dress.


jem's magic
primary
glow/twilight magic (earth + light combination)
fire
earth
secondary
electricity
anything else she can use but is very situational
Jem learns the temporal light spell near the end of chapter 3
Temporal Light Spell
Magic name: Temporal Light spell
Magic Alias: Temporal Eraser beam
magic element: time
magic rarity: Very rare
magic requirement: extremely high
max range: 0 to infinite
invocation requirement: yes
description: the user creates a beam of light that extends from the user. If the beam directly focuses on a person or thing that person or thing will be erased from existence permanently. if they are erased from existence their past is generified (you are replaced with a generic facsimile of yourself)
dispellation: the temporal light spell can be reversed but only by the original caster, and the original caster is subject to eternal torment by repeatedly being forced to relive their biggest failures.
Note: if there is not enough magic energy to use it will randomly take body parts as a cost.

jem's hobbies
working on her primary starship the intrepid flyer
general electronics
magic training
video games

jem's job
Princess of Eather. 
starship designer
(post chapter 2) Queen of luna,
(post chapter 4) Queen of Eather,


about aging/deaging
this is similar to a normal human, but these details are to keep in mind
aging
slowly lighten the fur color at age 100 it is completely white
her eye color is based on estrogen levels in the body
high: goldenrod yellow 	low: hazel green (more green then brown but there is enough brown to not be green)
at around every 100 years she inherited a trait that there is a 4/5 chance her body becomes renewed back to her early 20's (any permanent injuries are still apparent they don't disappear ex. scars, amputations, etc. her coloration also returns) and an extra tail is added. Her magic power is also doubled. and the chance is halved every subsequent time. If the chance isn't in her favor, she has 20 more years left. her hair starts to fall out and a form of multisystem cancer starts to slowly take hold slowly taking away her mobility
deaging
to first 2 years
her eye color is a white with a slight orange tint
her breast size becomes similar to an infant
the tail is about half her size
she only has hair/fur to human levels
she does not have access to the night form
her eyes start white (iris coloration not pupil she is not blind just colorblind deuteranopic to be specific. the color blindness does not change) and slowly become colored by age 3 it is fully colored to normal levels
to 18 and earlier
she follows similar development to a human
both sets of breasts will grow to D size (the top is locked in at this point)
Her apparent physical strength is similar to an average human female
Her actual strength is similar to an average human male
this is when she started to build the intrepid flyer (which is where her physical strength comes from lifting heavy parts over and over)
the tail ratio becomes close to what it is now
from 18 to 20
the lower breast decreases in size as her body fat drops
her appearance overall becomes more muscular

modification details for her child(crystal/light)
similar to Jem at 5-18 years (5 for Jem of twilight and 18 for light's adventure)
her facial features are slightly more human
She also constantly wears light blue outfits (same type as Jem before chapter 3) with a yellow accent.
As of age 16 she is fully medically trained for both humans and monsters and can wear outfits typically associated. (Few know that she is half human as flare changed records to look like she was adopted, and crystal died [this was done to protect her]. one of which is a part of the high medical council that overrode the ability to only be trained on monster biology [internally they are similar to humans with minor differences the biggest is for organs to control and use magic])
the breast sizes for when she is an adult is C and B respectively
if post chapter 3 but before age 21-25 her fur color is pink, and her night form is locked out as a side effect of a spell placed on her. (what triggers the dispilation is a character that is important to both Jem and light is killed by Feryil and they die in light's arms while light is franticly trying to use healing magic)
Her fur pattern has the ability to selectively have bioluminescence. (strangely inherited from her father it is unknown where this came from) [this is also embarrassing for her as also the body part close to the pattern also glows the same color as the skin]
the modification from jem's pattern is instead of a solid shape it is a thin outline
She also has a crescent moon shape on each leg pointing toward the center of the body. and is on the upper leg. (inherited from her father [however it is only on his right leg as a brown birthmark])
her eye color changes when angry to a blood red color (also inherited from her father) and on extreme circumstances of anger her blood will glow inside her body
when in night form her patterns look similar to a brown birthmark.
she has orange eyes (inherited from her father and when she gets older they will become blue)


name: Cumulo Cightbringer / Flare Lightbringer
real name Cumulo Lightbringer
stage/nickname: flare
male human
32-35 years old
general physical features
skin color: Caucasian white
hair color: black if in post chapter 5 his hair turns white as there is a roughly 18-year time jump
eye color: blue
French and Spanish (spain not mexico) ancestry
visible and actual strength: slightly above average male
height:5'2" (1.5748 M)
weight:210 lbs. (95.2543976 Kg)
99%: human 0.5%: pure Homo-magica 0.25%: angel 0.25%:32 trace races
anything that is less than 5% do not generate extra appendages but they may affect other traits
This is also a breakdown of the homo-magica sub-race as technically all these are monster races

other minor details
his eye color changes when angry to a blood red color
He also has a crescent moon shape on his right leg pointing toward the center of the body. and is on the upper leg.
the angelic race dos allow for his hair to glow dimly under extreme stress (males do not have as strong a glow as females do)
He has thin but long scars going up his back. This is from Cedric Burnfeather illegally torturing him before the banishing. (this is from of repeated whippings with the whip on fire)
post chapter 5 has multiple scars all over his body below the head from the Wolfcat armor being destroyed. (he is still capable of having children but with extreme pain) most of these scars are unhealable and will be there for the rest of his life.

flare's outfit
He wears a blue shirt and pants (post chapter 5 the pants becomes red) with a removable power supply (that converts his magic power into electricity or weak magic) embedded in his shirt. right before chapter 5 Jem makes him a black suit of armor (that kind of gives him the appearance of a male version of Jem) that has multiple armaments including a micro-Hyperion cannon. this gets completely destroyed in chapter 5 as well as his blue pants. (he has been working on repairing it for his daughter, but Jem was very much ahead of her time with the design that most of it cannot be replicated)
He has a wedding ring on his right-hand middle finger.

midnight wolfcat armor (talked about earlier)
general stats:
height:6'0"(1.8288M) capable of taking a 4-5.5'(1.2192M-1.6764M) humanoid. the tail section can compress to allow a tail to enter (and can be extended if needed). If a tailless being, for example a human, it will connect to their nervous system and act like an actual tail.
weight with person: 20 tons (20320.9382 Kg) but with the antigravity device active 150 lbs. (68.0388554 kg [technically it can be less but it uses more power. note when the Hyperion cannon is charging the antigravity device deactivates.])

power source: 
multiple micro fusion reactors (uses materials in the air as fuel and completely unknown where to start on replication)
has the ability to charge via an industrial outlet (easy to replicate but was unsalvageable)
has 6 240V batteries (internal unsalvageable unknown how to replicate at that scale)

defenses:
bullet proof steel and Hypersteel alloy outer body (directly attached to the nanobot inner body so most was unsalvageable but can easily remade)
nanobot inner body that can adjust to have near completely fluid movement (majority destroyed and the few that remain the molecular structure is too unstable even years after to study)
extremely modified hyper shield that is used in starships (is visible as it is a glowing blue round dome in the chest region) (unknown how to replicate at that scale)

armaments:
arm cannon that can switch between 3-4 types of ammo (rubber bullets, regular bullets, radioactive bullets) (replicable)
has a Hyperion cannon for the other arm (unknown how to replicate at that scale)
has a perfect magic translator gem (salvageable but damaged reduced power to x6. this is replicable but is seriously expensive)

movement:
nanobot inner body (majority destroyed and the few that remain the molecular structure is too unstable even years after to study)
tail for balance (part of the nanobot inner body. can come close but is un-replicable)
antigravity device/gravity generator (salvageable and replicable [off the shelf part])

sensory, displays, life support (anything neural is un-replicable and unsalvageable):
has light sensors for eyes and is connected with a special neural link at the back of the head. these can also detect most forms of light and can adjust your vision so that it is perfect full color vision and at least 20/20 sight 
has very sensitive microphones placed in the ears. This is due to the armor being soundproof (unsalvageable but replicable sensor wise but the soundproofing was from the nanobots. the reason why microphones and speakers were used as it seemed very not needed to put a neural link there is a port to add that in before it was destroyed)
has neural linkages the connect to the personal body through the nanobot inner body (these pass-through touch and smell)
has 1 oxygen tank that can sustain someone for 1 week (unsalvageable but replicable)
has a neural link (mixed with chemicals) that slows down the metabolism to allow someone to last for a week without food or water easily



flare's magic power
Natural (external) Magic Level: 0.5
with power supply modification: +1
with midnight armor:x12
grand total with midnight armor and power supply:18
Internal (Storage) Magic Level: 800
Primary magic specialty(s): Light, weaponry (although not a magic type)
While with his magic power being below 1, he can't make magic spells however he can alter ones that have has already been cast but not ended.
has a strong enough internal magic level that if most mind mages where to try to invade his mind he might be able to take control of the mind mage and potentially force them to use magic.(this is generally why mind mages are careful around humans because most have at least double the internal magic power [this allows non magical control of the body] but sometimes 8 times the internal magic power[this allows full control of the body and the victim cannot cut off the link])

flare's hobbies
cooking
weapon design
starship design (he doesn't know much though)
general electronics
developing AI using his own art or others with permission
video games
acting (before he was banished)

flare's job
prince of Earth (before he was banished)
acting (before he was banished)
king of Luna (post chapter 2)
king of Eather (post chapter 4 but loses it at the end of chapter 5) 
mob boss of the Lunar Knights
director of the temporal knife program (post chapter 5)
king of Earth (post chapter 5)

name: pearlite foxend wolfsbane
female kitsune humanoid
45-48 years old
general physical features
double breasted (one set on top of the other): top is D cup bottom is B cup
skin color (under fur): Caucasian White
main fur color: brown
fur pattern: white stripe on the front and back of her right ear (45 degree) as well as a white heart under her snout
eye color: Goldenrod yellow
visible strength: average female human
actual strength: average male human
height:4'10"
weight:160lbs

racial features
mouth/face type: fox snout and face
ear type: fox ears
tail type: fox tail
tail length: 1/3 her height
breast and genital fur length: extra long
hand type: human-like but with 3 fingers and a thumb with fox like padding underneath the palm. she has retractable claws that at minimum is like a human fingernail in length
tail count: 2
tail strength: half as strong as her arms
vision type: Deuteranopia
sexual dimorphism: same as human
has a secondary form that is half the size and is a fox with the same coloration and tails. this secondary form is at will (and painless) but there is a half hour cooldown
She has long hair around the breast and genital areas (long enough to easily cover them up). this is the only exception to fur/hair changes to the form rules below. It is knotted in such a way that it cannot easily be cut, nor can it be seen through it. (she was taught how to do it and can use magic to quickly tie and untie it). (At puberty they are taught the specific method for that sex and are not taught the opposite one until they are married. [this is to prevent nonconsensual sex. it cannot stop it but can considerably slow it down])

pearlite's outfit
typically wears a flowing light blue and silver dress designed for a queen.(there is a hole for her tail, this also has an elastic band for a tight fit). since she is a scientest she has a lab coat that she can wear. she also has several skimpy outfits that garnet has given her. it is unclear if she ever wore all of them. she has a weding ring band at the base of her tail. she commonly wears high heals unless she is in her lab in which she wears tennis shoes 

pearlite's magic
Natural (external) Magic Level: 12.
Internal (Storage) Magic Level: 64.
Primary magic specialty(s): plant, mental
secondary magic specialty(s): Earth{ground}

pearlite's hobbies
music
gardening
programming
cooking
magic training

pearlite's job
Queen of Eather
genetic/medical scientist (she is trying to put a program to potentially clone and conserve endangered/extinct life)

about aging/deaging
this is similar to a normal human, but these details are to keep in mind
aging
slowly lighten the fur color at age 100 it is completely white
her eye color is based on estrogen levels in the body
high: goldenrod yellow 	low: hazel green (more green then brown but there is enough brown to not be green)
at around every 100 years she inherited a trait that there is a 4/5 chance her body becomes renewed back to her early 20's (any permanent injuries are still apparent they don't disappear ex. scars, amputations, etc. her coloration also returns) and an extra tail is added. Her magic power is also doubled. and the chance is halved every subsequent time. If the chance isn't in her favor, she has 20 more years left. her hair starts to fall out and a form of multisystem cancer starts to slowly take hold slowly taking away her mobility
deaging
to first 2 years
her eye color is a white with a slight orange tint
her breast size becomes similar to an infant
the tail is about half her size
she only has hair/fur to human levels
she does not have access to the alternate form
her eyes start white (iris coloration not pupil she is not blind just colorblind deuteranopic to be specific. the color blindness does not change) and slowly become colored by age 3 it is fully colored to normal levels
to 18 and earlier
she follows similar development to a human
the top breasts grow to D cup
the bottom breasts grow to B cup
Her apparent physical strength is similar to an average human female
Her actual strength is similar to an average human male
the tail ratio becomes close to what it is now

character specific breast sizes (band size in inches then cup size letter)
Jem 27D
    27A
Light(adult) 28C
             28B
pearlite 29D
         29B
character heights (for Europeans it is one ' means foot " means inches left over)
Jem 4'6" (1.3716M)
light(child) 2'11"(0.889M)
light(adult) 4'9"(1.4478M)
pearlite 4'10"(1.4732M)
Flare 5'2" (1.5748 M)

general conversions and definitions
length
12 inches in 1 foot
1 inch = 2.54 cm

clothing size details most are measured with a neutral pose (these do not include the arms in this just the torso)
band size is the circumference just below the breast. This is generally also the waist size +-1 inch (if multibreasted like Jem or Light it is measured from the lowest one)
bust size is the largest circumference including the breast.
cup size is the difference between the bust and band size
most male cup sizes are between AAA to A and most females are between A to D. if any bigger than the size round up
standard US cup sizes
AAA = 0.25 inches any lower round to this size
AA = 0.5 inches
A = 1 inch
B = 2 inches
C = 3 inches
D = 4 inches
DD = 5 inches
DDD = 6 inches
E = 7 inches (continue up the alphabet from here if larger)

weight
lbs. to kg
1lb = 0.45359237



