pearlite foxend wolfsbane description from the game temporal Light: Jem of twilight
female kitsune humanoid
45-48 years old
general physical features
double breasted (one set on top of the other): top is D cup bottom is B cup
skin color(under fur): Caucasian White
main fur color: brown
fur pattern: white stripe on the front and back of her right ear (45 degree) as well as a white heart under her snout
eye color:Goldenrod yellow
visible strength: average female human
actual strength: average male human
height:4'10"
weight:160lbs

racial features
mouth/face type:fox snout and face
ear type: fox ears
tail type: fox tail
tail length: 1/3 her height
breast and genital fur length: extra long
hand type: human like but with 3 fingers and a thumb with fox like padding underneath the palm. she has retractable claws that at minimum is like a human fingernail in length
tail count: 2
tail strength: half as strong as her arms
vision type:Deuteranopia
sexual dimorphism: same as human
has a secondary form that is half the size and is a fox with the same coloration and tails. this seconsary form is at will (and painless) but there is a half hour cooldown
She has long hair around the breast and genital areas (long enough to easily cover them up). this is the only exception to fur/hair changes to the form rules below. It is knotted in such a way that it cannot easily be cut, nor can it be seen through it. (she was taught how to do it and can use magic to quickly tie and untie it). (At puberty they are taught the specific method for that sex and are not taught the opposite one until they are married. [this is to prevent nonconsensual sex. it cannot stop it but can considerably slow it down])

pearlite's outfit
typically wears a flowing light blue and silver dress designed for a queen.(there is a hole for her tail, this also has an elastic band for a tight fit). since she is a scientest she has a lab coat that she can wear. she also has several skimpy outfits that garnet has given her. it is unclear if she ever wore all of them. she has a weding ring band at the base of her tail. she commonly wears high heals unless she is in her lab in which she wears tennis shoes 

pearlite's magic
Natural (external) Magic Level: 12.
Internal (Storage) Magic Level: 64.
Primary magic specialty(s): plant, mental
secondary magic specialty(s): Earth{ground}

pearlite's hobbies
music
gardening
programming
cooking
magic training

pearlite's job
Queen of eather
genetic/medical scientest (she is trying to put a program to potentially clone and conserve endangered/extinct life)

about aging/deaging
this is similar to a normal human but these details are to keep in mind
aging
slowly lighten the fur color at age 100 it is completely white
her eye color is based on estrogen levels in the body
high: goldenrod yellow 	low: hazel green(more green then brown but there is enough brown to not be green)
at around every 100 years she inherited a trait that there is a 4/5 chance her body becomes renewed back to her early 20's (any permanent injuries are still apparent they don't disappear ex. scars, amputations, etc. her coloration also returns) and an extra tail is added. Her magic power is also doubled. and the chance is halved every subsequent time. If the chance isn't in her favor, she has 20 more years left. her hair starts to fall out and a form of multisystem cancer starts to slowly take hold slowly taking away her mobility
deaging
to first 2 years
her eye color is a white with a slight orange tint
her breast size becomes similar to an infant
the tail is about half her size
she only has hair/fur to human levels
she does not have access to the alternate form
her eyes start white (iris coloration not pupil she is not blind just colorblind deuteranopic to be specific. the color blindness does not change) and slowly become colored by age 3 it is fully colored to normal levels
to 18 and earlier
she follows similar development to a human
the top breasts grows to D cup
the bottom breasts grows to B cup
Her apparent physical strength is similar to an average human female
Her actual strength is similar to an average human male
the tail ratio becomes close to what it is now

character specific breast sizes (band size in inches then cup size letter)
pearlite 29D
    29B