Temporal Light side stories
Name: The Downfall of Eather
Timeframe: 2 hours after chapter 5 of jem of twilight
Starting location: Eather, pearlite's Lab entrance palace side
[parental warning this sidestory contains dark themes, blood and gore]


the dark extended dark fire team are tracking jem and flare's last signals (the main team is pyre deathripper[female vampire], dark deathripper[male demon],sire the redeamed[unknown presumed male zombie],flare lightbringer[male human](not present),jem lightbringer[female wolfcat](not present),bright signet[male human](kidnaped), the extra team members cay neigh[female kitsune], ember burnfeather[female phoenix],prine gunpowder[male caprine monster],fog arcanebluff[female water dragon]),the entire royal family is missing

pyre: we don't know what happened but be alert.

ember: where is crystal?

pyre: all I will tell you is she is in a safe place but since we are on opposite sides of a litigation, I cannot tell you

cay: well, you?

pyre: it depends on what we find. but I will not destroy a client's trust even if it means taking it to my grave. ember you should know this as you recommended me to jem.

fog: I am opening the airlock now

the airlock door opens with a hiss and the large door creaks open

dark: do we need space suits

cay: unlikely. the only reason for the airlocks are to prevent a potential virus containment breach if one occurred, but no alarms have gone off which indicates most likely the air is safe.

sire: cay how much do you know of pearlite's secret projects. if you do it might be relevant. I don't want to enter a trap.

cay: the only recent project that I can think of that is recent is project zero dark. but it was canceled soon after flare and jem where married.

ember yelling: go on just to let you know anyone that wants to stay you are to keep everything cay said to be secret

no one left

pyre: seems like everyone wants to continue

cay: lets enter the airlock. this way if there is anyone listening, they won't hear as they are soundproof

everyone entered the airlock, and fog closed the outer door

cay: zero dark was originally planned to try to clone monsters as well as preserving endangered species or reviving extinct species.

fog: why was this canceled

cay: it was not the solar council as she kept doing it in secret after getting a denial letter. it was a ethical concern that a villain can use this for nefarious purposes such as identity theft, and slander. she canceled it after talking to flare and he later declined the use of his DNA for this unless she could guarantee it cannot be used for such purposes.

dark: why might this be relevant

cay: while pearlite stopped it. brier had known about this for a while and was interested and was disappointed when it was canceled. garnet initially forcibly overrode pearlite and hired brier after getting out of jail. I always had a bad feeling about that since pearlite started bringing brier to work with her before she went to jail and even more weary after she got back.

prine: am I gioin' teh kick som' a#%^.

pyre: odds are if jem or flare did not come back likely means they are in trouble so some a#%^ kicking may be necessary

cay: let's get going fog open the inner door

fog opens the door, and a wave of dust and monster remains sprinkle the floor and every now and then an empty labcoat

prine: looks lik' somethin' happen'd here

fog started to look at the empty labcoats knelt down and started crying

pyre: fog what is the matt- she stopped after seeing the nametag on the labcoat in front of fog root flamehopper

fog: I swear I will avenge you

fog then got up carefully making sure not to get anything on her.

fog: I have a bad feeling about continuing but I now have to know

pyre: lets continue it looks like the path splits into 4

cay: we only need to check 3 as the last one to the far right is another exit.

fog: I will stay behind. I need to prepare the monster remains into jars. pyre and prine take the center. sire and dark take the left. everyone else take the right

[left room]
sire and dark enter and see a broken centrifuge as well as a empty green dress covered in monster remains and dust

dark stops in the middle of the room next to the centrifuge

sire: what is wrong

dark: this just went from murder to regicide.

dark starting kneeling

dark: I am sorry I failed you. sire go tell fog.

[right room layout is a mirror of the left]
ember and cay enter the room inside was bright on the ground a centrifuge to the right then an empty red royal garb
ember immediately seen bright and ran over

ember: please don't be dead. she feels a pulse but very faint cay help me get him out. cay- cay what is the mat..ter(ember seen that cay was knelling over garnet's remains)

cay: I failed you. had I known that brier brier was planning this I would have stopped her.

ember: we need to keep the crime scene clean

ember leaves dragging bright to tell fog

[center room]
pyre and prine enter the room inside is a sprawling library that has wings to the left and right and a door continuing deeper

pyre: why does this feel like we are entering a tomb

prine: because we know people died here.

pyre taking a book off of the closest shelf

pyre: what I would give for a library like this

prine: I recomnd th't you put that back. remember this is a crime scene.

ember and sire then enter

pyre: what happened both of you are supposed to look at the other rooms

ember: those rooms where small also it appears to be a double regicide as both garnet and pearlite have been killed

sire: dark and cay are watching over their remains

pyre: we have checked this room as far as we can see can the both of you double check this room while me and prine check the next room

[long hallway]
it is a long hallway with multiple staircases down into what looks like a factory below. at the end is allium unconscious and it looks like she took a heavy impact

pyre: I do have a question how we are going to prove that brier did the deed

prine: don't go acusin' people yet we don't 'now what happ'ned only remnants. for all we know it could be a kidnapping gon' wrong or a third party got involved. but remember I am recording every thin' with this hat. but I also know pearlite wouldn't have a lab with no cameras

both prine and pyre look up to see a camera pointed at them and the red light on the camera is on

prine: lets continue

both prine and pyre get far enough down to see allium

pyre: oh my allium!

allium got up but has a splitting headache

prine: young missey you should leave we will take it from here

pyre: make sure to talk to fog. I have a felling she is busy

prine and pyre enter a large room. there are multiple burn marks on the walls and floor parts of flare's armor spread out detached from his armor. the left arm and right leg seem to be placed in a pile in the respective corners of the room and at the end is flare unconscious with remnants of the suit being the only clothes on him. and the respective body parts are also not attached to his body in their place are severe 3rd degree burns and lots of blood oozing out of him. brier is unconscious in the far corner.

prine: now what have we here

prine and pyre both ran over toward flare not seeing brier.

pyre: we have to stop the bleeding!

prine( looking around still not seeing brier): where is jem.

this sends a chill going down pyre's spine

pyre: I have no Idea but right now we should focus on flare

pyre rips off part of her dress. then forming it into a makeshift bandage. we have to dress this wound and getting him out of here

prine: where are those two they should be done searching the library

Meanwhile

ember: sire come here this book looks to be out of place

ember then pulls the book revealing a hidden room. inside was multiple screens each showing a room of the complex.

sire: maybe we could use this to find what happened

ember then goes inside the room and walks over to the computer terminal

ember: I am going to create a copy of the last two weeks

sire: why not just 24 hours?

ember: if my hunch is correct this isn't just one day this was likely planned. (after putting a drive into the computer).

sire: makes sense.

ember: done (ember took the drive out of the computer).

sire(looking at the screen with pyre and prine): we have to go help pyre and prine they found flare.

sire then got out running toward the hallway entrance and jumped down the stairs. ember following but in a safer manner

when ember and sire entered the room. ember: sorry we are late we found the camera security room. I made a copy of the recording.

pyre: we have to get flare out of here. ember go grab his arm and leg at the corners of the room.

(brier is gone)

ember: where is jem.

prine: don't know 

ember then picked up flare's body parts. then pyre, prine, and sire pick flare up and rushed out of the room. ember soon after.

they rush through the library and come close to running fog over but stopped just in time

fog: oh my (backing out of the way. keep going and put him on pearlite's bed I will open the airlock

using magic fog was able to reattach his arm but his leg was too far gone.

flare was then sent to earth once he was stable.

soon after they left brier started passing laws and using a clone of flare, she had the clone sign over eather and tried to sign over earth and luna...but the royals of earth blocked this as they stated illegally created clones cannot sign for the original or even inherit their property. 2 weeks later flare was able to wake up beating bright by a day.

turns out brier killed everyone except jem but because she now is the ruler of eather she used her power to quash any legal action that came her way.

pyre started interrogating flare once he became stable enough to do so

pyre: where is jem we didn't even find her remains

flare: this is going to sound weird but a female cyborg kitsune incinerated her then when I tried to kill them, they reflected the hyperion cannon back at me but before I passed out, I seen it turn into smoke and enter brier

pyre: I didn't see brier

flare: she was to my right in the far corner

pyre: s^%* so that explains her recent takeover of eather. how is that leg working for you

flare: you mean this prosthetic. its ok I would prefer to have a normal leg.

pyre: fog tried to get your leg reattached, but it was too damaged to reconnect

flare: where is crystal

pyre: hidden I will take you to her. brier has been trying to take ownership of crystal. I think we should change her name as she will try to assassinate her.

flare: what will that do

pyre: it will create a temporary stopgap enough to get proof of her transgressions.

flare: why if it is as bad as you told me before this legal action won't do anything.

pyre: not if it is with the solar council. but this will take years to take action for now we need to go to jem's funeral

flare(crying): I know

pyre then turns off the recorder and both of them walk out of the room

pyre: we need to train crystal and keep her safe until she is of age to take the eatherian throne.

flare: why wouldn't brier put a banishment warrant on crystal

pyre: but she would have to get crystal there to get the warrant to apply. and these warrants are null and void if there is a challenge of rule.

flare: what are the requirements

pyre: you would have to be an adult of age 21 and there must be a transgression in the lineage in which she illegally took the throne. you also have to be a member of a royal family or equivalent.

flare: why can't I do it

pyre: it is a barbaric form of magical combat in which magic tools are not allowed and it is to the death. since you can't naturally use magic without a tool it is a automatic forfeit  
