Temporal Light side stories
Name: 4th of July
Timeframe: on the 4th of July 1 day after the mischievous familiar sidestory
Starting location: distortion mountain shrine
Blair is setting up a lot of fireworks. near the base of the shrine. all the monster remains put in small jars. Jem walks up.

Jem: that is a lot of fireworks is there a festival I don't know about. as that could be mistaken for someone launching an attack.
Blair: it is the 4th of July holiday. It used to be celebrated before the Hyperion war. I am pretty much the only one who remembers and does it anymore.
Jem: probably another Highclaw tradition.
Blair: No that is a tradition from my original country of origin celebrating their independence and creation.
Jem: (internal thought) how did she even get these rockets. I don't think there is any place nearby.
Jem: is there anything you want me to do.
Blair: how good are you with a grill. I think there is one over there.
Jem: never tried it but I am decent at cooking.
Blair: good you can make hotdogs and hamburgers. I know I can't physically eat them, but it is the thought that counts. but I will show you at least how to start it. (whispering): you can bring it home after for your family.
Blair shows Jem how to start and use a small grill.
while she is cooking
Jem: it has been bothering me for a while where did you get those fireworks from.
Blair: I made them myself. Even though my job was to be a shrine maiden, the job that made money was to make fireworks.
Jem: I know I may not have been a citizen of that country. but it seems like it used to be a great one.
Blair: Even though all of the worlds took on the monarchy model of government many still use the laws made by this country. in fact, 2/3 of the lunar constitution is based on the us. constitution.
Jem: us. is that the name of the country
Blair: it is an abbreviated form of united states but yes
The sun is starting to set.
Blair: how is the food coming as it is almost time to start
Jem: Yes, the food is done.
Blair: let’s wait for the sun to fully set as it looks better, I am going to ask you to go to the mountain peak you can get a better view and tell Sune to get over here
Jem walks over and tells Sune to go to the shrine. and Sune instructs Jem to sit down and get comfortable.
Soon after the sun is fully set a varage of fireworks go on until 5 am the next morning. Jem was able to stay up until midnight and fell asleep right there. She was woken up at 7 from a rainstorm. that went through.
