Temporal Light side stories
Name: fox berries
Timeframe: after chapter 2 of jem of twilight during jem and flare's honeymoon
Starting location: Jem's house on Eather
Jem is quickly packing a suitcase in the basement with pearlite and glare and garnet are upstairs talking

Garnet: So where are you planning on going?
Flare: we are planning on going to a beach on Venus it is well known for its spas and food
Garnet: you may want to give these to Jem these are special berries that give energy. I recommend also taking one before I go to bed.
Flare: are there any side effects?
Garnet: I have been giving Jem these for years and pearlite grows them in her personal garden. If they where not safe for consumption, why would I allow her to grow it.
flare: I guess you are right.
flare put a bag with about 50 berries in his suitcase

meanwhile

Pearlite: So, what are you planning on wearing there
Jem: I don't know I don't have much in terms of outfits
Pearlite: Say no more. she then pulls a book from the bookshelf
the bookcase retracts into the wall and moves to the side
Jem: when where you going to tell me about this?
pearlite: this was your father's idea. I told him I disagreed with keeping this passage a secret. Why do you ask?
Jem: I get dressed right there. (Jem points to the corner within eyesight of the bookcase).
pearlite: I will talk to him about that. but in the meantime, come with me I am constantly being given outfits from your father. Maybe a few will fit you.
Jem picked a few outfits some very revealing and returned to the room
pearlite pushed the book back into place and the bookcase returned to the original location
pearlite: let’s meet up with the boys. be our luck they are both trying to kill one another

As they where going up the steps they overheard laughter and playful conversation.

pearlite: garnet you are not up to something are you?
garnet: no nothing of the sort I just gave some dewberries from your garden and sharing images from the family album.
pearlite: are you certain about that
garnet: on my honor (secretly crossing his fingers behind his back)
pearlite: oh ok. Well than I hope both of you have a nice trip and come home safe.

3 days later at a hotel room after a long day of relaxing flare takes out the bag of berries. and hands Jem one and keeps one in his hand.
Jem eats the one she was given
Jem: don't eat - one (flare had just eaten one)
Flare starts to shrink to about half his size and his clothes fall to the floor
then fur starts to grow in
then the rest of his body start to turn into a fox

flare: what the heck! When did you get so big?
Jem: It is not me it is you.
Jem then pulls out a pocket mirror and shows flare
Flare looks like a 2 tailed fox with black hair. the front paws look similar to jem's hand.
Jem: let's get in contact with mom
Jem with flare on her shoulder goes into the communication room but is stopped by a female bunny humanoid security guard
bunny guard: sorry ma'am pets are not allowed here
Jem: I can assure you he isn't a pet
Flare: yes, she speaks true I took these berries and got turned into this
bunny guard: aww cute but begging isn't going to change it little fox
(apparently, she only heard squeaks and howls)
Jem: can you at least allow for a phone call
bunny guard: fine 1 but I will be watching you

Jem went to the computer and dialed home
Jem: mom what berries did dad give flare again
pearlite: he said dewberries why? where is flare... wait he didn't. He gave foxberries.
Jem: Foxberries? 
pearlite: these are a type of berry that looks like an orange raspberry. for kitsunes and Shadowcats and any of their children are immune to the negative effects but it gives energy but transforms the person who consumes it into a fox with traits of their original form
bunny guard: sorry ma'am I didn't know is that flare.
Jem: yes, that is my husband and my father kind of ruined our honeymoon
pearlite: Well garnet may have a bad night as I am going to teach him some ethics. Thankfully it isn't permanent but depending on where in the garden he got them from it can be anywhere from 5 minutes to a month.
Jem: what are you going to do to dad?
pearlite: give him a common punishment that is given to people who abuse transformation magic and are of age for consent. To be more specific both of us are going to use succubus oil. All I am going to say is we are going to have our night in bed but not in the way he planned. and maybe even combine it with a foxberry and scare the crap out of him. and tell me when flare gets back to normal as every night, I will transform your father as a punishment. It may not necessarily be succubus oil every night but there are other nasty transformations I can use.
Jem hung the phone up.
bunny guard: if it wasn’t for the fact, he transformed a guest I would feel sorry for him. here Jem take this pass and tie it to flare. This will make him exempt from the no pets policy.
Jem: What do you mean?
bunny guard: succubus oil or more commonly succubus milk is a sex swap magical material. Thankfully the effects are not permanent, in fact they have similar lengths of time as the foxberry. for those that start as males it is very painful for both transformations. emotionally and physically. Transformations cannot happen if pregnancy occurs and will be delayed, but most don't last long enough for it to occur as they would have to wait a whole cycle for it to occur.
Flare: it serves him right. let’s go back to our room. (internal thoughts I may remember this for later as a potential punishment against Cedric)
both Jem and flare say goodbye to the guard and go back to their room
Flare: want us to make a little fox of our own?
Jem: you are already a little... oh yes definitely.

Both Jem and Flare had a nice night whereas Garnet had a very torturous night.
not much had changed about garnet afterword well I guess he is taking care of himself more in a specific area more. and maybe a slightly larger chest.
If anyone is wondering this is not the one where crystal comes from. They try 6 more times before that happens. Each alternating weather a foxberry is used

