Temporal Light side stories
Name: picking crystal from babysitting
Timeframe: 2 days after the mischievous familiar sidestory
Starting location: Lightbringer palace on earth
flare is coming to pick crystal up with a exception pass in hand, rain comes up to confront flare

flare: I am just here to pick up crystal

rain: you know you shouldn't be here you could get in trouble with the solar council

flare: you know I don't come without a exception pass unless it is a emergency.

rain: ... why do you like Jem be honest is it because she is a furry

flare: I love her for her personality and shared intrests if anything if she was human I probably would of fallen in love quicker. that is why when we are in private I ask her to be in her night form.

rain: night form...you mean she turns into a fox right. and when does it happen because I never seen any change with crystal;

flare: her night form is almost human like there are still some elements of her normal form. as for when I believe jem said it happens around puberty. her mom's night form is a fox though.

rain: how does she trigger it is it by the moon.

flare: it is by light level however the dress she wears has a enchantment that allows her to choose which form she still has a half hour cooldown before she can do it again.

rain: did you like other furry girls or was it just her?

flare: I prefer you don't call her by that slur. just because jem doesn't mind does not mean others will. most female monsters used to disgust me in fact if it wasn't for bright's insubordination I probably would of never met jem.

rain: ... are you just saying that just to humor me?

flare: no. I am completely serious.

rain: there was one more troubling thing when I met with jem she stated that I am just like her father?

flare: personity wise, yes. physically, no. racist remarks yours tend to hurt more emotionally but his is more serious.

rain: what about fox berries I heard that they have transformation properties.

flare: it is one of the closest ways of being a monster without actually becoming one. and it does give a energy boost more powerful than any energy drink can ever give. and is almost like candy for anyone of kitsune or shadowcat decent which jem is of both. they are also immune to the transformation effects.

rain: are you planning on having any more children.

flare: I do but jem has reservations. I don't blame her it takes a lot out of monsters and is quite painful.

rain: how do you know you never -flare cut rain off

flare: when jem was in labor she unintensionally did a pain transferance spell on me. and I had been monitoring everything that happened. I was told that her going into labor was one of the least painful parts. it was the numerous half transformations that occured

rain: ... do you think she might of been lying

flare: I doubt it I know her tells and she wasn't showing any of them

rain: can you tell me one.

flare: just this once, the tip of her tail twitches when she knowingly lies. this isn't the only one but I am not disclosing any more. can I pick up my daughter now.

rain: fine.

rain walks into another room and comes back with crystal in a stroller

rain: your daughter was a delight.

rain(lying):I might even change to not be as racist

flare hands crystal a foxberry

rain: what was that you handed her?

flare: a foxberry. the only thing I might warn you is the transformation is quick. and outside of foxes and kitsunes no one will understand what you are saying. and you become about 1/8th your current size. do you want one.

rain: I will take one for later
rain(internally): I wanted to try this since jem told me about it.

flare hands rain 3 berries

flare: one of these is for growing if you like it