Temporal Light side stories
Name: A New Year Gun
Timeframe: new years after christmas frenzy
Starting location: luna
flare is talking to jem
(parental advisory: this story talks about gun safety and has a small moment with smoking)

flare: I need to get you a gun
jem: I don't need one I have magic I will just fireball them in the face
flare: after talking with fog during pregnacy children also feed on the mother's magic as well as their nutrients and sometimes it takes too much. it caused you to black out on christmas remember.
jem: fine but I don't think I will need it so why even bother. don't I have you
flare: while I can protect you but I want it as a precaution. in case trouble arises and I am not around.also as a backup for when you run low in magic.
jem: fine. but where are we going.
flare: to a gun shop I know.
jem: why can't we take from the armory.
flare: every gun reflects the owner and while I have some I would have to re-adjust it for you.
blight walks in the room
blight: it is standard procedure here and it is legal to open or closed carry if you get a gun.
jem: isn't there school shootings
flare: technically yes but in reality no amount of gun control will stop people from doing things illegally with weapons. and even if a weapon where to be banned; people that illegally obtained the weapons won't give up the weapons. also even if you do stop people from getting one weapon they will move to another so technically there is no end. and are you planning on doing a shooting.
jem: H%$# no.
flare: then lets go.

flare and jem make their way to a gun shop. there is a goat monster behind the counter.
shop owner: flare are y'all here for the usual
flare: no prine but for my wife's first gun.
shop owner: sorry where are my manners Prine gunpowder.at your service (he holds his hand out to jem for a handshake)
jem: my name is jem Lightbringer.(accepting the handshake)
prine: jem if you don't mind me asking what was your mama's last name. (taking out a cigar out from under the counter lighting it and putting it in his mouth)
jem: wolfsbane? why is there a reason? you know that isn't good for you to smoke that.
prine: I just want to know what kind of persn' you r. nd about the cigar I know but ol habits die hard.
flare: can you please stop smoking she is pregnant.
prine: sory flare and mis jem (he then snuffs the cigar out with his fingers)
prine: mis jem what re your hobbies. or how abut y're magic wat elemnt is it
jem: Starship design as well as generall engineering. and my primary magic is glow (fire + earth) however I can do electrical magic.
prine: interesting... why not try this energy hand cannon. it uses a standard starship battery pack which I am fairly sure you have plenty of. would you like to try it out.
jem: I gues I can.
prine: allright do yu now teh ruls fer gunranges
jem: no, my father always told me guns are evil.
prine: ok. I understand. I gues I wil also gover gun safty aswell
prine:gun safty rule 1 nev'r point a gun at anythn' you don't wan to shoot.
      gun safty rule 2 remove al ammo befor' clenin. I have seen horer stores com from ignorin' this 
      range safety rule 1 always point the gun down range.
      range safety rule 2 always listen to the range master.
      range safety rule 3 if a gun jams notify the range mast'r but keep followin' rule 1.
      range safety rule 4 if you finnish shootin' wait until teh range master says tgo as others may be shootin'.
      today I am teh range master and no on is planned fer today. so what ar you planning on using for targets.
jem: can you print off a few images and tape them to a target.
prine: what kind of monster is it...don't tell me it is a phoenix correct.
jem: no it is a wolfcat to be specific it is my sister. why did you assume I want to shoot a phoenix
prine: I appoligise I assum'd since you hudbnd normally uses that.
jem: I can guess who you are talking about I do have a friend that is a phoenix and is likely the wife to who flare hates.
prine: I didn't now cedric had a wife. I will prep the targets 

prine prints off the images and tapes them to a kitsune target frame. then shows jem how to use the gun. and directs jem to the gun range at the back of the store. jem managed to kill 5/8 targets getting better the on later shots.
prine then directs jem back to flare.

prine: mis jem can I talk to ur husbnd for a secnd'
jem: fine (jem walks outside where bright was waiting)
prine: you have a mighty fine woman. if she wasn' taken I probly would of taken her myself. I won't take her from u on my honr.
flare: thank you. so what about price.
prine: normaly it goes fer 6.2 million nule but after this I wil give it for 250k nule.
flare: is that why you sent jem out.
prine: ...yes otherwise I probily would bankrupt myself and make it free.
flare pays the money for it.
prine: take care of yer wife. if I fin out yu abused her I will educate you PERSONALLY(getting deeper and slightly angrier as the dialog continues)
flare: ok I get it (visibly shaken)

flare and jem leave the store and go back to the palace
flare: why don't you try your gun out. there is a small personal gun range at the back of the armory. I can even show you the controls for the range.
jem: ok
